Aigner Weaver-Shaw

Camp Counselor

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aigner-Weaver-Shaw/f6f22d8b648e7a49

I  am  seeking  a  responsible  and  challenging  opportunity  with  the  growth  of  an  oriented  team,  where  my
experience and skills will significantly contribute to the overall success of the department, organization and
prove opportunities for career growth. Strong-willed multi-tasks and manages time well in fiercely competitive,
fast-paced environment with little guidance. Also, I strive to ensure a strong confidential relationship between
staff and colleagues.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Camp Counselor
Ogontz Academy Day Care Center  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2015 to August 2015

Prepared  breakfast,  lunch,  and  snack  for  the  summer  camp  students.  Prepared  schedules  for  the  week.
Supervised up to 15-20 children. Chaperoned field trips throughout the city, parks etc. Sponsored fashion
shows/dance shows and other competitions.

Home Health Aide
Public Partnership  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2012 to August 2012

Worked  as  a  Temporary  home  health  aide  for  a  female  with  Multiple  Sclerosis.  Afternoon  duties  included
getting patient washed and dressed for bed. Used Hoyer lift to transport her from the bed to her wheelchair.
Fixed lunch, dinner and cleaned kitchen after each meal. Kept her area clean, washed, dried and put clothes
away. Reminded her to take medication.

Counselor
YMCA/ Columbia North Branch  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2011 to 2012

Provided exceptional childcare, during afterschool hours and during summer break. Supervising a group of up
to 10 children, I was expected to safely transition them from daily activities, both on and off site. In charged of
constructing fun yet educational lesson plans and activities, along with individual reports as needed.

Camp Counselor
8th and Diamond Recreation Center  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2010 to August 2010

Providing  counseling  services  to  children  and  helping  each  student  to  improve  his  or  her  academic
performance. Maintaining a proper report on every child given in their care Direct, supervise and organized up
to 10 children in a group within activates and throughout the program in order to meet intended goals. Assure
children and properly supervised at all times, including while on site and field trips.

EDUCATION

Accounting, Business Management
Indiana University of Pennsylvania
August 2014

Kensington High School for the Creative and Performing Arts
June 2014

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Successful experience in resolving problems, background knowledge in Computer Programming, efficient in
Microsoft offices, can handle special request and ensure patient satisfaction.

