Christopher Forster

Vice President of Stores - Forman Mills

Newtown, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Christopher-Forster/e254d57c56946326

WORK EXPERIENCE

Vice President of Stores
Forman Mills  -  Pennsauken, NJ - 2015 to Present

I maintain full P&L control over 35 apparel and home fashion store locations averaging 55,000 square feet.
These  locations  generated  over  $250  million  in  annual  sales  from  Michigan,  Illinois,  Ohio,  Maryland,  New
York, Pennsylvania, Northern New Jersey and Washington DC. In addition I create long-term strategic plans
with  implementation  and  direct  accountability  to  the  CEO.  I  devised  innovative  action  plans  to  enhance
staff  accountability  (1300+  employees  and  three  district  managers)  which  have  positive  effect  on  bottom-
line  profitability.  I  coordinate  facility  management  and  maintain  extensive  competitive  industry  knowledge,
track sales trends, oversee purchasing and maintain store efficiency and productivity. I create merchandising
strategies and procedures to optimize store growth. I consistently improve store standards by maintaining a
hands-on management approach.
Achivements:

• I opened and established 12 new store locations within 18 months.
• Established zero-based payroll allocation based on individual store workloads.,

Regional Vice President
Family Dollar, Incorporated  -  Matthews, NC - 2012 to 2015

I successfully oversaw a comprehensive and profitable region consisting of 195 stores spanning five states
and valued at over $500 million. I developed and led the team of 10 district managers, a market order, a
regional HR specialists and the loss prevention team covering my region. I developed and managed the district
support team and area operations managers for future growth as well as overseeing evaluating and making
performance improvements to profitability and operating costs of my assigned area. My oversight included
ensuring proper staffing levels and anticipating projected needs of employment using the established programs
for development of direct reports through succession planning and process tools.

Vice President of Stores
Forman Mills  -  Pennsauken, NJ - 2005 to 2012

I was responsible for full P&L control over 35 apparel and home fashion store locations averaging 55,000
square feet. These locations generated over $250 million in annual sales from in 6 states and Washington DC.
I was responsible for long-term strategic plans, implementation with direct accountability to the CEO. I provided
innovative action plans to enhance staff accountability of 1300+ employees and three district managers. I
coordinated facility management and tracked sales trends, oversaw purchasing and maintained store efficiency
and productivity. Responsibilities included merchandising strategies to optimize store growth.

District Manager
Walmart Stores, Incorporated  -  Bentonville, AR - 1999 to 2005

Successfully manage three high-volume Metropolitan districts which included multistate markets producing
$500  million  plus  annually.  I  concurrently  manage  seven  locations  as  well  as  serving  as  a  liaison  with
corporate  representatives  regarding  store  grand  openings.  I  orchestrated  facility  development  from  initial
site procurement to grand opening in daily operations. My responsibilities additionally included recruitment

personnel  development  utilizing  innovative  and  effective  bottom-up  promotional  approach.  I  developed
employee loyalty via positive coaching accountability in recognition of results.

Operations
Duane Reade, Incorporated - 1998 to 1999

Responsible for 183 store chain where I consistently and successfully increased store sales and productivity
by $1.2 billion utilizing proactive management practices, growth opportunities and in-depth industry analysis.

Director of Store Operations
Value City / Schottenstein's Department Stores, Incorporated - 1997 to 1998

I was responsible for directing operational oversight for a $1.6 billion 95 store industry leader. A successful
track record of improving control, content and frequency of correspondence to stores to dramatically enhance
communications and efficiencies.

Director of Store Operations
F.W. Woolworth, Incorporated - 1997 to 1997

District Manager
- 1996 to 1996

I implemented corporate directives regarding closure liquidation of 38 retail facilities in Pennsylvania with $120
million in annual revenues I prepare 10 stores for smooth transition to the Woolworth athletic format

Regional Operations Manager
Caldor Department Stores, Incorporated - 1989 to 1996

I developed outstanding leadership, project management and staff development initiatives.

EDUCATION

Continuing Education
Executive Training Program

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

My Core Competencies Include:

• Operations • Category Management • Project Management
• Strategic Planning • Change Management • Leadership
• Vendor Relations • Customer Service • Supply Chain Optimization
• Human Resources • Budgets / Budgeting • Business Development
• Profitability • Policies and Procedures • Inventories
• Business Planning • Work Allocation • Priorities
• Teambuilding • Revenue Enhancement • Marketing
• Staff Development • Facilities Management • Real Estate / Locations
• Construction • Store Layouts • Merchandising / Repositioning
• Reporting • Productivity • Operations Reengineering

