Felisha Colon

Camden, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Felisha-Colon/79072a5a22abb142

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacy Technician
CVS Health  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - June 2015 to Present

Assist the Pharmacist in filling/dispensing of prescription medication by preparing prescription drug orders
according to information provided while verifying patient, medication information, and labeling.

Recovery Specialist
MRS BPO LLC  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - May 2011 to July 2014

Worked  on  Verizon  Wireless,  AT&T,  First  CitIzens  Bank  And  Trust,  Commerce  Bank,  TDBank,  Black
Forest Hills, and also Direct Energy's 1st and 3rd party and also quints debts. Handled multiple calls and
accounts  at  a  time.  Maintain  Great  phone  etiquette.  Maintain  Full  Knowledge  of  FDCPA.  Make  collection
calls and/or correspondence in a fast paced goal oriented collections department. Providing customer service
regarding  collection  issues,  process  customer  refunds,  process  and  review  account  adjustments,  resolve
client  discrepancies  and  short  payments.  Responsible  for  monitoring  and  maintaining  assigned  accounts-
Customer calls, account adjustments, small balance write off, customer reconciliations and processing credit
memos. Accountable for reducing delinquency for assigned accounts. Perform other assigned tasks and duties
necessary to support the Accounts Receivable Department. Enlist the efforts of sales and senior management
when necessary to accelerate the collection process. Communicate & follow up effectively with sales dept
regarding customer accounts on a timely basis.

Secretary/Receptionist
Taxes Done Right  -  Camden, NJ - January 2006 to April 2011

Scheduled  Appointments  arranged  follow-ups,  distributed  Clients  tax  refunds,  web  browsing  answer
telephone, screen and direct calls. Take and relay messages. Provide information to callers, greet persons
entering organization, direct persons to correct destination. Deal with queries from the public and customers.
Ensure knowledge of staff movements in and out of organization. Monitor visitor access and maintain security
awareness.  Provide  general  administrative  and  clerical  support,  prepare  correspondence  and  documents.
Receive and sort mail and deliveries, schedule appointments. Maintain appointment diary either manually or
electronically, organize conference and meeting room bookings. Coordinate meetings and organize catering
monitor and maintain office equipment. Control inventory relevant to reception area, tidy and maintain the
reception area.

Secretary Assistant
John the Baptist Community Center  -  Brooklyn, NY - 2008 to 2009

Answer  the  telephone,  take  messages,  transfer  calls  to  suitable  staff.  Offer  visitors,  clients,  partners
pertinent  information  about  the  company  and  its  activity.  Receive  and  send  e-mails,  memos,  etc.  Handle
correspondence,  documents  and  reports.  Welcome  visitors.  Type,  print  and  make  copies  of  important
documents. Book conference rooms, organize conference, meetings and other events. Participate at meetings
and  handle  the  agenda.  Type,  copy  and  distribute  meeting  minutes.  Maintain  office  supplies.  Maintain
schedules and calendars. Organize and maintain file records and databases. Operate office equipment such as

fax, copiers, printer and phone system. Provide services for customers. Collect and organize client information
and make reports. Assist the management in all business related activities. Ensure maintenance at working
place.

Hair Stylist / Front Desk
La Familia Hair Studio  -  Camden, NJ - November 2007 to June 2008

Booked  Clients,  took  Payments,  arranged  follow  ups,  answer  questions  and  assist  customers  during  their
overall salon experience. Diffuse any situations with customers who are upset or angry about the service they
receive. Help customers find products to suit their needs and increase product sales within the salon. Handle
inventory including ordering, receiving and stocking products, as well as general salon supplies. Answering
telephones, maintaining records and receipts, as well as managing reports.

EDUCATION

Cosmetology
PB Cosmetology Centre - Camden, NJ
2011 to 2012

Makeup, hair, skin and nail care
John Casablancas Modeling and career Centre - Tampa, FL
2010 to 2011

Diploma in Business/ Fashion Design
Woodrow Wilson High School - Camden, NJ
2006 to 2010

SKILLS

Verbal communication. Negotiation, Active listening skills. Emotional intelligence. Interpersonal
communication. Reading comprehension and writing skills. Time management and personal management
skills. Typing, 10 key by touch, and data entry skills.

