Jelani Lett

Sales Representative

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jelani-Lett/ea81152064915bac

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sales Representative
Nordstrom Rack  -  King of Prussia, PA - November 2015 to January 2016

Consistently sought out new fashion and product knowledge to act as an expert for the customer in the women's
apparel department. Provided honest feedback and guidance for their style selections.
Assertively  pursued  and  achieved  both  personal  and  team  sales  goals,  including  opening  new  Nordstrom
Rewards accounts and promoting in-store discounts.
Greeted customers in a timely, professional and engaging manner.
Performed daily department maintenance tasks including stock work, maintaining display appearance, price
markdowns, merchandise transfers and light housekeeping. Open early hours to prepare store for customers
and closed late nights until the very last customer left then reracked and swept cltohes

Cashier
CVS Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2014 to January 2015

Operating a cash register including cash transactions and check's. Requested additional help when needed to
increase customer satisfaction. Greeting each customer using eye contact and smiling while helping at all times
and assisting customers with their questions, problems and complaints. Priced merchandise utilizing price
guns. Store cleanliness: break area and rest rooms ; vacuum; dust, clean windows; sweeping and stocking
shelves. Closing late hours to clean, restock shelves and check merchandise.

Usher/Cashier
AMC Theaters  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2013 to January 2014

Performed cashier and concession stand duties, theater monitor, theater usher
duties.

Customer Service Representative
TD Bank  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2013 to July 2013

Selling  financial  products  to  potential  customers  and  answering  questions  about  the  products.  Assisting
customers  in  branch  with  transactions  and  deposits.  Answered  customer  telephone  inquiries.  Greeting
customers and
directing them to senior CSRs.

EDUCATION

Diploma in Mathematics
Civics and Sciences Charter School - Philadelphia, PA
2003 to 2011

