Kateland Goldsborough

Project Manager/Admin Assistant Billing Department - Direct Mobile Dental

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kateland-Goldsborough/433ac5dcbe2abcac

I am seeking a position in the administrative field as these roles best suit my particular skills. I am an extremely
driven  and  hard  working  person,  thriving  in  environments  where  I  am  constantly  challenged  to  improve.
Keeping an eye towards productivity and process, I can be relied upon not only to complete work in a timely
fashion, but make improvements to the work flow that improve efficiency for myself and the team at large.
I am detail-oriented, meticulous, with great communication skills, both written and verbal. I have extensive
experience in Microsoft Office, particularly excel, and on typing tests I average 95 wpm with accuracy of 97%. 

Throughout my career, I have worked as both an assistant and a team leader. My general positive attitude
and willingness to cooperate ensures I am a great asset to any team. I am punctual, reliable and looking for
a company I can grow with.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Manager/Admin Assistant Billing Department
Direct Mobile Dental  -  Cynwyd, PA, US - April 2015 to Present

Billing responsibilities include: daily billing of all dental and hygiene procedures, maintaining accuracy of client
records through direct communication with third-party associates, generate and administer reports to
ensure Pennsylvania State Dental Compliance Laws, and tasks as assigned.
Project Manager responsibilities include: working directly with the in-house software engineer on existing and
new software projects, record and track software engineer progress and billable hours, quality
assurance on all new and patch software releases, and UI/UX development.

Project Manager
Stuzo  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2009 to April 2012

Responsible for the complete project management of large-scale social experience for Fortune 500
companies. Main duties centered around leading a global team of up to 20 individuals, including off-site and
on-site developers, client brand managers, and client digital teams, through the project build, launch, and
run. Tasks ranged from project management, client services, copywriting, quality assurance, and record
keeping.

Stage Manager
Various Theaters & Universities - September 2004 to September 2009

Pennsylvania

Duties centered on the management of a company of actors and designers, up to 30 person teams, through
the production rehearsal process, into the technical run schedule, show opening, and throughout the run of
the production. Responsibilities included: scheduling and managing rehearsals, leading technical rehearsals,
interfacing with third party vendors, front-of-house responsibilities including direct contact with patrons, and
construction/electrical work.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater
Temple University - Philadelphia, PA
January 2007 to May 2008

SKILLS

Microsoft Office (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Special Skills
Superb Critical Thinking skills
Experienced and extremely skilled at Multi-Tasking
Experience in various fields of study and industry

