Kevin O'Brien

Entrepreneur, Business Developer, Engineer

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kevin-O'Brien/ed36f21f2f6a657a

Willing to relocate to: New York, NY
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Founder & Principal
K.T. O'BRIEN CONSULTING - January 2014 to April 2016

• Led a client organization from concept through launch of a $20M outsourced sales & marketing business.
Introduced new technologies and business development opportunities (e.g. CEO Think Tank) which increased
revenue by 13%.
• Counseled VillageLab leadership team on the development of lattice organizational culture which resulted
in a 15% increase in team engagement
• Developed a web-based platform to help NewStories.org members and funders self-organize around project/
funding opportunities
• Co-Facilitated an Open Space event for Shelia Hugh Mackay Foundation which engaged over 80 visual
artists across New Brunswick, Canada
• Facilitated an Open Space event for the Great Work Cultures Initiative which led to a 10% membership
increase and financial sponsorship

Associate Partner
K.T. O'BRIEN CONSULTING - January 2015 to September 2015

• Founding member of NF Consulting US LLC, a subsidiary of NuFocus Strategic Group (New Brunswick,
Canada)
• Developed Organizational Self-Management Transformation consulting offering
• Proactively developed new business with prospective clients landing two client accounts

Applications Engineer
W.L. GORE & ASSOCIATES - September 2011 to January 2013

• Persuaded a dissatisfied defense contractor to stay with Gore by initiating a technical redesign leading to
$3M repeat business.
• Drove sales & marketing process by identifying niche market opportunities, selecting prospects, synthesizing
prospect objectives, crafting winning proposals, and following up regularly about next steps.
•  Actively  researched  industry  trends  through  trade  publications  and  expos  to  generate  sales  ideas  and
penetrate new markets, which resulted in $0.5M of new business within a year.
•  Built,  maintained,  and  enhanced  100+  internal  and  external  customer  relationships  across  divisions  and
international customer sites, 20 of which were key players in accomplishing strategic sales goals.

Process Engineering Leader
W.L. GORE & ASSOCIATES  -  Leader, CO - July 2006 to September 2011

led  organizational  change  in  a  $150M+  division.  Result  was  increased  divisional  profitability  from  barely
profitable to four consecutive years of record profits. Results were obtained by: closing down low performing
business lines, reorganized remaining businesses, and optimizing operational processes.

• Presented new Chinese manufacturing facility to the COO of a $35M+ customer, after developing a phase
gated methodology and best practice for transfer of manufacturing processes between global sites; led teams
of 10 - 30 FTE to transition operations from US to China, and from Scotland to US.
•  Served  as  divisional  liaison  between  China  and  US  technical  teams.  Connected  the  most  appropriate
resources based on business needs, leading to elevated morale levels and the retention of a key process
engineer.
•  Built  a  self-managed  engineering  team  which  increased  technical  project  capacity,  expedited  product
development, and freed up time for the product team to develop new business
•  Coached  emerging  leaders  creating  development  plans  and  how  to  achieve  their  growth  targets  which
resulted in 2 direct reports being promoted to supervisor.

Engineer
TERUMO CARDIOVASCULAR SYSTEMS, INC - June 2003 to July 2006

•  Developed  and  deployed  user  training  course  for  environmental  tracking  software  which  resulted  in
compliance with EPA regulations
• Managed a product enhancement initiative for a profusion system that reduced cost to the customer while
increasing performance.

EDUCATION

Bachelors of Chemical Engineering in Economics and Mathematics
University of Delaware
2003

SKILLS

Program Management (10+ years)

LINKS

http://twitter.com/kevobri

http://www.linkedin.com/in/kevobri

CERTIFICATIONS

Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)
October 2014

Strengthscope
February 2016

