Sabeeta Iqbal

Pharmacist

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sabeeta-Iqbal/54a0c24accb88c59

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist
Pharmacy Tech  -  Brooklyn, NY - January 2014 to April 2015

Perform data entry of customer prescriptions.
• Proficient in resolving insurance issues.
• Perform duties of Lead Technician by scheduling pharmacy technician work hours, process
Recalled and outdated medications, and assists other pharmacy technicians with customer
Service issues.
• Was recognized manager for outstanding customer service.
• Was promoted to inventory specialist after demonstrating excellent work ethic while in the workplace.
• Attention to detail, flexible with good time management skills.

Assistant Store Manager
Philadelphia, PA - March 2012 to December 2014

Manager of sales and operations' was simply to retail store manager because of my outstanding management
skills and team work abilities. I worked on the sales floor and at the same time managed inventory, cash,
coaching and training my team. I was able to increase 30% more profit than before. I was doing events to
attract traffic, call backs, and all different promotions on my own just to increase the sales and profit.

Sales Associate
Cricket Wireless  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2010 to March 2012

Managed sales and floor at the same time and proved myself as a very strong solution specialist. Generate
sales by providing outstanding customer service, greeted the customer, attended to his/her needs and building
a loyal customer base, handled cash and credit card transactions.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma
LINCOLN ACADEMY - Houston, TX
February 2015

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS

• Sales, Management, Customer Service, Microsoft Office, Window, fax, mutli-line phones, fax,
Troubleshooting, problem solving skill, expertise in computer/Mac.Expertise - Roles & Positions have
included:  Customer  Service,  Sales,  Management  and  Operations.  Outstanding  analytical,  problem-solving
skills, interpersonal and communication skills.

Excellence award

February 2012
• Manager of the month Friendly Pharmacy Manhattan, N.Y
• Excellence award Friendly Pharmacy Manhattan, N.Y

REFRENCE
Will be provide on demand.

