Tia (Victoria) Pion

Fashion Design Student

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tia-(Victoria)-Pion/b37822dd8e670313

Seeking opportunities for work in fashion design involving garment design, trend research, concept design,
or styling.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Fashion Design Intern
Abercrombie and Fitch  -  New Albany, OH - June 2014 to August 2014

Worked in abercrombie kids on Soft Pants and Shirting team.
-Researched, compiled and edited competitive shopping reports and important silhouette packets in order to
consicely present findings and communicate important take-aways easily.
-Researched and sketched into Summer 2015 for Soft Bottoms and Shirting.
-Completed project as part of Internship Program, including NYC research trip, silhouette development and
print
placement. Presented project to fellow interns, collegues, and HR team.

Intern
Abercrombie and Fitch  -  Conshohocken, PA - June 2014 to August 2014

Blogged about product in order to advertise and thank clients, utilizing verbal and technologic skills.
-Assisted with production of paper goods, such as wedding suites, invitations, and announcements, resulting
in more
efficient production and packaging as well as clean, well-made products.

Resident Assistant
Philadelphia University  -  Philadelphia, PA - December 2012 to December 2013

Oversaw a hallway of first year students at a small design-oriented school in Philadelphia, PA.
-Organized hall and building activities on a regular basis and advertised campus activities, resulting in a more
active
social environment.
-created hallway decoration and anouncements, as well as monthly, weekly, and daily student concern reports,
key
logs, and administrative logs resulting in a more organized staff.

Sales Associate
Hello Gorgeous Consignment  -  Camp Hill, PA - June 2013 to August 2013

Performed  consignment  intake,  discerning  which  items  are  of  proper  quality  and  most  likely  to  sell,  with
emphasis on trend forecasting as a means of decision.
-Resident Creative Person- Created large marquis signs for store organization, small informational signs, and
styled
mannequins throughout store and in front window.

EDUCATION

Bachelors of Science in Fashion Design
Philadelphia University - Philadelphia, PA

LINKS

http://behance.net/tia_pion_3r

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS:
Embroider y and beading:: Fashion Illustration:: hand-drawn flats
Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign:: Microsoft Office:: Digital Photography
Mood and Concept Design:: Trend Forecasting:: Print Design
Pattern Making, Manipulation, Draping:: Garment Construction:: Fabric Treatment Development

