Angel Akin

Senior Substation Civil Engineer

Royersford, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Angel-Akin/223b0232dc0f240e

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Substation Civil Engineer
CG Power Solutions USA, INC - April 2013 to Present

1. Assist the lead electrical engineer for one or more concurrent high voltage substation and transmission line
projects by providing civil and structural engineering design and construction support for assigned tasks.
2. Interface with clients and other outside entities on technical issues.
3. Provide technical support to other staff including designer, engineers and project managers.
4. Used building codes/Design manuals such as ASCE 7, IBC, ACI 318, and AISC 360.
5. Used PLS-CADD, PLS TOWER, Risa-3D, STAAD PRO, and MathCAD to analyze, design and develop
standard structural calculations for electrical generating/transmission structures.

Lead Civil Substation Project Engineer
General Electric - August 2011 to April 2013

1. As a lead civil engineer I manage my assigned resources (engineers, physical designers and engineering
tools) to get structural engineering tasks done.
2. I provide structural engineering design expertise on wind-powered collector substation, transmission line,
and series capacitor bank steel structures.
3. I used building codes/Design manuals such as IBC, ASCE 7, ASCE 113, ACI 318, AISC 360, IEEE 605-08,
IEEE 693-05 to analyze and design structures as applicable by states and local jurisdictions.
4. Used Risa-3D, STAAD PRO, Shaft-3D, and MathCAD to analyze, design and develop standard structural
calculations.
5. I perform steel and foundation shop drawings and electrical equipment physical layout checks with respect
to their supporting structure.

Civil Engineer
CG Power Solution, INC - November 2008 to July 2011

1. Provide civil and structural engineering calculation for wind-powered collector substation design and some
transmission line structures.
2.  Under  the  supervision  of  a  professional  engineer,  I  have  managed  a  couple  of  projects  from  start  to
completion by participating on internal and client meetings to address scope of work, meet expec ed deadlines,
and managing few engineers and designers to get the tasks (problem definition, analysis, design, drawing
generation to be submitted to client, steel manufacturer and construction contractor on site.) done.
3. Review standard notes addressing site preparation, layout and grading.
4. Analyzed and designed moment resisting steel frame structures and reinforced concrete foundations (spread
footing, drilled shaft) to support equipment within collector substation.
5.  Design  other  structures  such  as  reinforced  concrete  cantilever  retaining  walls,  Gabion  walls  design,
reinforced concrete design manholes
6. I checked structural steel structures and reinforced concrete foundations shop drawings.
7. Used Risa-3D, Shaft-3D, and MathCAD to analyze, design and develop standard structural calculations for
most structures we design.
8.  Used  building  codes/Design  manuals  such  as  ASCE  7,  IBC,  ACI  318,  AISC  360,  NBCC  05,  Canadian
STEEL AND Design manuals, etc

Junior Structural Engineer
Delon Hampton & Associates - February 2008 to October 2008

1.  Performed  structural  engineering  inspection  of  existing  WMATA  subway  tunnels  and  overpasses
infrastructure for renovation estimates.
2. Produced structural engineering calculation on WMATA overpass track for bearing plate replacements using
temporary jack and structural steel beams to support overpass superstructure.
3. Reviewed, modeled, analyzed and designed laterally braced steel-frame building systems from architect
using design software such as RAM Structural Systems.
4.  Used  design  software  such  as  Risa-3D,  ENERALC  to  model,  analyze  and  design  reinforced  concrete
footings, reinforced concrete cantilever retaining walls, gabion walls, and manhole using metal sheet piles.
5. Performed calculations and reviewed shop drawings from steel fabricator.
6. Used building codes/Design Manuals such as ASCE 7, IBC, ACI 318, Vulcraft.

EDUCATION

Bachelor in Civil Engineering
The Catholic University of America - Washington, DC
2007

SKILLS

Microsoft office, Mathematica, MathCAD, Larsa, AutoCAD.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

COURSES:

Static,  Dynamics,  and  Mechanics  of  Structures,  Structural  Analysis,  Structural  Steel  Design,  Reinforced
Concrete  Design,  Soil  Mechanics,  Foundation  Engineering,  Matrix  Analysis,  Transportation  Engineering,
Design of Structural Systems (Statics and Dynamic Analysis).

