Curtis Pitts

Maintenance Engineer

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Curtis-Pitts/4f67d525ccf4de8b

To obtain a position where I can demonstrate my ability to multi-task, and prioritize, problem-solve and meet
deadlines.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Maintenance Engineer
Genesis Health Care  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2009 to February 2010

Philadelphia, pa
DUTY: REPLACE SIDE railing to bed, repair wheel chairs, repair service lifts, replace call bells, service remote
to beds replace foot and head broads, ceiling tiles replacement, paint and spacking walls hangdoors replace
toilet tanks and bowl unclog toilets and drains/
Philadelphia Corporation for the Aging Philadelphia, PA
Maintenance Engineer 04/2009 - 02/2010
➢ Upkeep and maintenance of building's generator control system for heating and cooling units.
➢ Elevator maintenance, monitored sub pump room, check shut off valves for units, install and repair. Electrical
outlets, replace light fixtures, weathering proofing of the interior and exterior of commercial property to insure
client safety. I also changed ballast, up kept the grounds and replaced relay switches also Replacing HVAC.
UNIT unstopping TOILET drains boiler room reading

Maintenance Engineer
The Salvation Army  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2008 to March 2009

Used plumbing tools to unclog drains, toilets, bathtubs and sinks.
➢ Painted structures, Replaced light fixtures and electrical outlets.
➢ Installed hot water heaters and garbage disposals.

Maintenance Engineer
Main Line Reform Temple  -  Wynnewood, PA - July 2006 to March 2008

Maintained physical structures of commercial establishment.
➢ Installed and repaired electrical locking devices.
➢ Repaired small electrical appliances.
➢ Installed electrical outlets, ceiling fans, stoves and hood exhaust units

Engineer (Maintenance)
Holiday Inn  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2004 to April 2006

Painted structures and repaired woodwork with carpenter's tools.
➢ Used hand tools and power tools to repair small and large appliances.
➢ Replaced defective electrical switches and other fixtures.

Maintenance Engineer
Interstate Realty Management  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 1998 to January 2004

Prepared apartments for new tenants.
➢ Used plumbing tools to unclog drains, toilets, bathtubs and sinks.
➢ Painted structures and repaired woodwork and replaced carpet with carpenter's tools. 

➢ Waxed, buffed and stripped floors.

Machine Operator
Vimco Steel Factory  -  King of Prussia, PA - August 1990 to May 1998

Setup and operated machines in the fabrication of steel products.
➢ Operated slab bolster, joist chair machine and heavy bar chair machine.

EDUCATION

Diploma
University City High School - Philadelphia, PA

