Daniel Greek

Aston, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Daniel-Greek/4617768d2c315506

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Manufacturing Engineer/ Property Development
Formerly Boeing Co. Currently Self Employed  -  Ridley Park, PA - February 1991 to May 2015

Daniel Greek
249 Miley Rd, Aston, Pennsylvania 19014
Phone: 6102993628 email: dangreek@aol.com

A  highly  experienced  Project  Manager  and  Manufacturing  Engineer  with  a  comprehensive  background  in
Project  Planning  and  Program  management  with  particular  expertise  in  mechanical  assembly,  electrical,
hydraulic system and structural integration of both aircraft and automotive assembly and restoration.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Self Employed Entrepreneur 2015- Current 

Property  manager  actively  redeveloping  a  commercial  industrial  property.  Redevelopment  responsibilities
include business development / marketing and planning for building and site capital improvements, in addition
to management is a salvage operation to monetize and liquidate the existing assets and materials stored at the
site, including research, advertising, sales and logistics. Also managing contractor renovations and property
management of a multi-unit residential rental property. 

Manufacturing Engineer and Production Planner 1991 to 2015
The Boeing Company

Manufacturing  Engineer  /  Planner  for  Aircraft  Electrical  and  Mechanical  Equipment  Systems  Integrated
Process Teams. 

Responsibilities included:
• Project Management and management of work process flow: estimates and cost schedules
for manufacturing and assembly production. Including production changes during manufacturing. 
Management and configuration control: Review engineering changes in system tool databases 
before implementation, coordinate wire design wire routing and equipment engineering and 
drawing changes 
• Creation and approval of production plans, manufacturing bills of material, procure materials
for job process installation requirements
• Revise work instructions to support daily production efforts, liaison between engineering teams 
and factory production
• Leadership and training of new employees in the use and function of system tools used in
the manufacturing process
• Employee Involvement Team Lead to facilitate process and production improvements
• Representation of Electrical Wiring and Equipment design team in Physical Configuration 

Audits supporting NAVAIR/DCMA customer for engineering change verification
• Annual training in Property Management Fundamentals, Intellectual property, Threat Management,
Export, Compliance training, Ethical Business Practices, Information Security of Proprietary information 
• Certification in Alternative Dispute Resolution and experienced in professional workplace conflict resolution
through Human Resources via case hearing, fact gathering, decision making and outcome documentation
EDUCATION
…… Bachelor of Science, Liberal Studies Program / Social Sciences 2007- Neumann University
…… Associate’s Degree, Manufacturing Technology / Robotics 1990- Delaware County Community College
CERTIFICATIONS
…… Small Business Start Up Certificate -Sales– Delaware County Community College 2015
…… Alternative Dispute Resolution Mediator- Boeing Human Resources 2015

EDUCATION

BS in Social sciences/ Liberal studies
Neumann University  - Aston, PA
2007

Associates degree in Automated manufacturing Technology
DCCC - Media, PA
1991

SKILLS

1) Alternative Dispute Resolution Certified through Boeing Human Resources Department to act on behalf
of the company in Manager/ Employee disputes. 2) Property Management Commercial Light Industrial
Property and Residential Rentals. 3) Classic automobile restoration, mechanical, sheetmetal, hydraulics
replacement and repairs of vehicle body and systems to roadworthy condition and body prep for finishing.

CERTIFICATIONS

Alternative Dispute Resolution
March 2015 to Present
Separately  contributed  to  and  was  ADR  certified  by  Boeing  Human  Resources  to  act  on  behalf  of
company interests to work with assigned cases on Step 2 ADR managed dispute cases between company
representatives and employees and Step 3 Panel Reviews with others to determine case outcomes. Alternative
Dispute Resolution addresses employment related workplace disputes between management and employees.
It  helps  improve  communication  between  managers  and  employees.  The  program  helps  reaching  mutual
agreements, increased productivity, and reduce employee related litigation.

Start Your Own Business
2015 to Present
Start You Own Business Certification offered by Delaware County Community College is a comprehensive
overview of the multiple steps and considerations in which to use entrepreneurial spirit to create your own
business. The course offered critical startup essentials and current comprehensive review of what it takes to
survive your first three years in business.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Alternative Dispute Resolution Certified and experienced in conflict resolution and outcome documentation. 

Step 2 Mediator between company representative and employee and Step 3 Panel Review of case, factual
analysis with panel members and decision on if proper procedures were followed to reach consensus and
panel documented decision for the company. 

Oversee small light industrial property with established owner to manage renting of yard and small building
space for truck/equipment parking and storage. Upper Chichester Twp.
Oversee 2 unit residential rental property for owner to manage tenants and building upgrades and repairs.
Ridley Twp. 

Hobby/  pleasure:  Classic  car  restoration  of  mechanical,  hydraulics,  electrical,  body  and  sheet  metal
replacement, repair and finishing.

