Dino Giulianelli

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER - CB&I Engineering Company

Marlton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dino-Giulianelli/5b923a77a7a2d341

To obtain an electrical engineering position with a company where I can utilize my skills and experience to
my fullest ability.

WORK EXPERIENCE

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
CB&I Engineering Company  -  Moorestown, NJ - February 2013 to Present

Direct Electrical Engineer on the Eagle Rock Enrichment Facility Project.

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
Shaw Engineering Company  -  Moorestown, NJ - April 2009 to February 2013

Direct Electrical Engineer on the Eagle Rock Enrichment Facility Project.

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
Sunoco Northeast Refining  -  Marcus Hook, PA - April 1998 to April 2009

Contracted Electrical Engineer in the Capital Projects organization for various petrochemical plant, Capital
projects.

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
Stone & Webster Engineering Corporation  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - June 1991 to April 1998

Electrical Engineer for various industrial plant, fossil power stations and hydroelectric station projects.

ELECTRICAL DESIGNER
Stone & Webster Engineering Corporation  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - May 1982 to June 1991

Electrical Designer for various co-generation, industrial plants, fossil power
stations, and nuclear power stations projects.

ELECTRICAL DRAFTER
Stone & Webster Engineering Corporation  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - December 1979 to May 1982

Electrical Drafter for nuclear power station projects.

JUNIOR ELECTRICAL DESIGNER
Newport News Shipbuilding And Drydock Company - June 1979 to December 1979

Junior Electrical Designer for USSN nuclear class 688 submarines.

SKILL  AREAS:  Thirty-three  (33)  years  of  experience  in  the  engineering  industry.  Currently,  an  Electrical
Engineer  employed  by  CB&I  /  Shaw.  Electrical  Engineer,  assigned  to  the  Eagle  Rock  Enrichment  Facility
project. Responsibilities include Power Distribution for the facility. Responsible for the development of electrical
Single Lines, Panel Schedules and cable sizing. Also, responsible for the design of the facility lighting utilizing
the  Visual  Professional  Lighting  Software.  Prior  to  CB&I  and  Shaw,  contracted  as  an  Electrical  Engineer
for the Sunoco Northeast Refining Company responsible for the execution of various Capital Projects from
conception  to  completion.  Responsibilities  have  included  Homeland  Security  Upgrade  Projects,  Electrical
Reliability Projects and Minor Capital Improvement Projects.

I have thorough knowledge of the National Electrical Code (NEC) and AutoCad version 2000. I have been
involved with the design and engineering of industrial projects, fossil and nuclear power plant modifications,
and cogeneration projects including the following:
• Electrical Engineer for Fish Passage facilities on the Susquehanna river for the Pennsylvania Electric and
Baltimore Gas and Electric Companies.
•  Electrical  Engineer  for  a  soil  and  groundwater  remediation  project  at  the  Camp  Allen  Landfill  in  Norfolk,
Virginia.
• Electrical Engineer for fossil power plant modification projects for the Pennsylvania Electric Company.
• Electrical Engineer for nuclear power plant modification projects for Public Service Electric and Gas.
•  Electrical  Engineer  for  a  fossil  power  plant  electrical  drawing  up-grade  project  for  the  Atlantic  Electric
Company.
• Electrical Designer for co-generation projects; 3 MW co-generation projects for Baylor University and Alcon
Laboratories;  1  MW  cogeneration  project  for  Bucknell  University;  and  a  240  MW  co-generation  project  in
Hopewell, Va.
•  Electrical  Designer  at  the  SunOlin  Chemical  plant  for  the  SunOlin  Chemical  Company  in  Marcus  Hook,
Pennsylvania.
• Electrical Designer and a construction supervisor for nuclear power plant construction for the Niagara Mohawk
Power Corporation.
•  Electrical  Designer  and  an  electrical  drafter  for  nuclear  power  plant  modifications  for  the  GPU  Nuclear
Corporation

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering Technology
New Jersey Institute Of Technology
1991

Associate in Electrical Engineering Technology
Pennsylvania State University
1979

