Ehimen Ogienagbon

I&C Electrical Engineering Associate

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ehimen-Ogienagbon/cb7607496f0d3c52

Obtain a position in an established engineering firm/organization, which is involved in engineering and project
management,  consulting,  manufacturing  and  technology  innovations.  To  assist  learn  and  contribute  to  its
business objectives, adopt the company culture and for future growth and advancement within the organization
and industry.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Engineer
PSEG  -  South Plainfield, NJ - September 2015 to May 2016

Responsibilities
• Assigned to the Transmission Growth group
• Worked with Project Management team on the Artificial Island Project (AIP), part of PJM regional transmission
expansion plan (RTEP) to resolve MVAR issues at Salem/Hope creek (Artificial Island). Project involved;
• Expansion of existing 500kV yard substation at Salem/Hope Creek and New Freedom substations.
• EPC of a -100/+350 MVAR Static VAR Compensator (SVC) at New Freedom station.
• Upgrades to OPGW and High Speed Relays.
o Preparation of Project Execution Plan (PEP).
o Supported in the development of overall project construction sequencing.
o Supported in the review process of Project Scope of Work (SOW) and Request for Proposal (RFP).
o Supported in the evaluation of Project Estimate.
o Supported in the evaluation of Project Schedule and Milestones.
o Supported in the evaluation of Project Risks Assessment.
o Supported in the evaluation of the Project Development Rating Index (PDRI). 
o Supported in the coordination of weekly project status updates, reports and producing minutes of meetings.
o Supported in the coordination of A/E site requests and visits. 
o Supported in the coordination of pre-outage and pre-energization walk-downs.

I&C Electrical Engineering Associate
Sargent & Lundy LLC, Engineering and Consulting  -  Wilmington, DE - March 2014 to November 2014

• Assigned to Nuclear Power Technology (NPT) Instrumentation & Controls Engineering group.
• Contracted under Dominion Power Generation (VA, CT).
•  Worked  with  engineering  in  creating  modification  packages  for  Beyond  Design  Basis  (BDB)  project  and
supporting projects as mandated by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC). Projects involved; 
o Spent Fuel Pool Level Instrumentation (SFPI) implementation.
o 4-20mA device level transmitter calibration. 
o Upgrades to existing Main Control Room (MCR) display cabinet.
o Modifications and upgrades to existing Medium Voltage (4kV) spared switchgear cubicles and protective
relays. 
o Electrical Load List Analysis and evaluation of existing Lighting Panels (120/240V) for addition of loads and
breakers. 
o Design and Installation of grounding stations for BDB equipment (High Pressure Pumps, 125V & 480V diesel
generators and 4kV gas turbine generators). 

• Worked with engineering team in preparing Design Change Updates (DCU) to support nuclear power station
update requests in accordance with national standards and station procedures. Updates involved; 
o Re-routes and upgrades to cable conduits and conduit supports. 
o Station flooding inspection and analysis.
o Upgrades to display cabinet data cable. 
o Changes to station cable schedule. 
• Worked with engineers in performing station inspection/walk-down analysis to support Safety Related (SR)
and Non-Safety Related (NSR/NSQ) project implementation.

Junior Engineering Associate
Elens Konsult, Consulting Engineers  -  Lagos - August 2006 to December 2009

Assisted the Consulting Engineers with creating technical documents and reviewing blueprints with the design
team.
• Worked with Consulting Engineers in creating and reviewing documentation regarding bids for contracts and
tenders.
•  Worked  with  Consulting  Engineers  in  Project/site  inspections  and  analysis,  risk  analysis  and  equipment
inspections.

EDUCATION

Certificate in Management and Entrepreneurship
Temple University, Fox School of Business - Philadelphia, PA
August 2013 to May 2014

Bachelors of Science in Electrical Engineering
Temple University, College of Engineering - Philadelphia, PA
December 2013

Bachelors of Science in Industrial Engineering and Technology
Kent State University, School of Engineering - Kent, OH
August 2006

SKILLS

MatLab, Multisim, LabView, AutoCAD 2004-2010, Revit Architecture and Structure 2010, Eagle-CAD
software (PCB design), Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Power-point, Project, Visio), Adobe PDF.

GROUPS

AFFILIATIONS
• Member, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). January 2005-Present
• Member, National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE). January 2005-Present
• Member, Innovations Entrepreneurship Institute (Temple University). August 2013-Present

