Jason Van Zelst

Structural Engineer

Washington Crossing, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jason-Van-Zelst/6e6fe9b05e252898

WORK EXPERIENCE

Structural Engineer
Dumack Engineering, Inc  -  Penns Park, PA - June 2005 to Present

Performed structural designs in steel, concrete, masonry, timber and aluminum framing.
Designed lateral force resisting systems of moment frames, braced frames and shear walls.
Designed structural framing for large, industrial, high temperature, fluid processing furnaces.
Performed structural inspection of various buildings, including residential and historic buildings.
Designed support structures for homes raised in flood areas under the provisions of ASCE 24.
Created proposals to perform structural engineering services.
Managed professional engineer, F.E. engineer, engineering interns, draftsmen and administrators.
Reviewed structural shop drawings and responded to review comments.
Created several Excel spreadsheets as structural design aids.
Managed client relationships and project invoicing.
Directed contractor construction processes and conducted bid and construction meetings.

Structural/Architectural Engineer
Bohler Engineering, Inc  -  Chalfont, PA - July 2002 to May 2005

Designed structures for large commercial facilities, in steel, concrete and masonry.
Created complete structural plan sets for projects.
Designed retaining walls and building foundation systems.
Inspected existing structural elements in buildings and subgrade structures.
Corresponded with clients, responded to RFIs and reviewed structural shop drawings.
Directed coworkers in structural design procedures.
Handled building permitting and review processes.
Assisted in architectural, mechanical and electrical designs and drawings.

Structural Designer
RMF Engineering, Inc  -  Baltimore, MD - June 1999 to June 2002

Designed  moment  and  braced  framed  structures  and  •  Designed  renovations  and  repairs  to  existing  and
damaged structures.
Assisted in the design of a new building for the Architect of the Capitol.
Designed concrete structures such as cooling towers, trenches, and manholes.
Performed structural design and construction administration for design/build projects.
Designed support and anchorage systems for high temperature/high pressure steam lines.
Designed foundations for pre-engineered buildings and mechanical pads for large equipment.
Reviewed and revised shop drawings and specifications.
Created and modified architectural, structural and civil drawings in AutoCAD and Microstation.

EDUCATION

BS in Architectural Engineering
Pennsylvania State University - State College, PA

1994 to 1999

SKILLS

Proficient with AutoCAD, STAAD, Visual Analysis, Word and Excel, familiar with RamSteel, Microstation,
Power Point

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Licensed Engineer in the States of Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware
Registered with the National Council of Examiners of Engineering and Surveying

