Jerid Hedrick

Temporary Lead Avionics Troubleshooter

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jerid-Hedrick/8482497ba495a407

Successfully gain employment as an Engineer within your company, and further my knowledge in the field
of electronics. My leadership, experience and professional studies in Electrical Systems, Schematic Analysis,
and in depth troubleshooting of complex electrical systems can be used effectively to benefit your company.

PROFESSIONAL OCCUPATION DESCRIPTION:
• Installing, troubleshooting, repairing, testing, maintaining and calibrating medical equipment and systems,
components, and sub-assemblies. Completing performance verifications, preventive maintenance, functional
audits, and acceptance testing of medical equipment/systems; applying computer and network knowledge
to  Biomedical  Engineering  functions  on  medical  devices  and  medical  device  systems  and  measurement
instrumentation;  requisitioning  parts  from  vendor  sources;  determining  the  priority  of  work;  performing
biomedical  equipment  control,  operator  training,  and  providing  technical  assistance  pertaining  to  medical
equipment technology; communicating with customers, vendors, and staff to solicit information and document
maintenance; interpreting and applying technical data such as schematic drawings, wiring diagrams.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Temporary Lead Avionics Troubleshooter
Sikorsky Global Helicopters  -  Coatesville, PA - September 2012 to February 2014

Reads  and  interprets  wiring  schematics.  Demonstrates  strong  verbal  and  written  communication  through
shift  turn  overs,  task  assignments,  and  pass  downs.  Coordinates  with  Supervisors,  aircraft  managers  and
Engineering  Department  on  changes  to  schematics  and  diagrams.  Superior  understanding  of  technical
drawings,  ensures  correct  running  and  marking  of  wires  to  install  complex  wiring  and  electrical  systems.
Performs  continuity  checkouts  after  work  has  been  completed  to  verify  proper  terminations/installation.
Troubleshoots avionics system on board aircraft, and assists all shops to ensure aircraft are completed on
or before schedule.
Demonstrates strong knowledge of Solumina, Sikorsky 360, and Nirvana to ensure workload priorities are
met.  Understand  practices  of  BAER  and  ITAR  items.  Strong  working  knowledge  and  implementation  of
ACE  standards,  practices,  and  tools.  Demonstrates  understanding  of  all  cardinal  rules,  hazmat  utilization
procedures, and safety practices.
Received the Sikorsky Above and Beyond Award for dedicated excellence and going above the call of duty
to ensure all goals were met and surpassed.

Udairi  -  KW - July 2012 to September 2012

Performed maintenance on the UH/HH-60

Perform Routine, Daily, Special and Phase inspections on UH/HH-60. Duties to include: installation/ removal
on  all  aircraft  subsystems,  engines,  rotors,  gearboxes,  and  transmission  system.  Service  and  lubricate  all
Applicable  components.  Prepare  aircraft  documentation  on  ULLS-A  and  use  STAMIS  system.  Routinely
perform maintenance on aircraft electrical systems.

Assist in desert modifications
Phase Shop  -  Norfolk, VA - January 2006 to June 2011

Scheduled 175 Flight Hour In-Depth Inspection) Depot Level
Phase inspections to include: multi-system troubleshooting, back shop avionics termination of wires/ electrical
systems, aircraft wire termination/repair, complete break down and repair of major components, use electrical
schematics efficiently, electrical wire checks, read outs, and installations. Specialize in Wire Connector Repair,
schematic  layouts  and  reading,  wire  readouts  and  checks,  modification  to  wiring  systems,  modifications
to  aircraft  frame  and  corrosion  prevention.  Perform  necessary  documentation  using  Vids/Maf,  IETMS  and
OOMA.
Avionics Shop (Unscheduled/scheduled Maintenance)
Avionics shop duties include: proper handling, installation and removal of electrical components. Demonstrate
proficient us with all hand held tools, multimeter, time and frequency domain reflectometer, and associated
aircraft test equipment. Responsible for supervising and completing all aircraft repairs in a correct, safe and
time  efficient  manner.  Completed  read  outs,  terminations,  modifications  to  essential  aircraft  systems  and
subsystems.

Assist in desert modifications for both MH-60 and UH-60 electrical systems.
Assisted L3 Contractors on UH-60 "Black hawk" Aircraft Avionics troubleshooting

While deployed to Camp Buehring, Kuwait.

EDUCATION

Aviation Electronics Technician - Norfolk, VA
2006

"C" School - Norfolk, VA
2006

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Work Center 210 (Avionics) Collateral Duty Quality Assurance Rep.
• Work Center 220 (Electrical) Collateral Duty Quality Assurance Rep.
• Work Center 310 (Flight Line) Collateral Duty Quality Assurance Rep.
• Work Center 12C(Corrosion) Collateral Duty Quality Assurance Rep
Basic Corrosion Control (US Navy Class)
• Avionics Corrosion Control (US Navy Class)
• MH-60S Plane Captain (Perform all daily, pre/ post flight, turnaround, corrosion, and security inspections
on the aircraft)

