Joseph Bokobza

EIT, S.M.ASCE

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joseph-Bokobza/2b677d8e73f973e3

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Civil Engineer II
Philadelphia water department   -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2013 to Present

Responsibilities
Oversight of contractors hired by the city. Management of quantities and estimates on behalf of the city. On
site engineer for construction projects. 

Accomplishments
Oversaw the construction and installation of "green" systems for Philadelphia's Green Streets project. Was
the resident engineer for the construction of the Lock Street Bridge.

Landscaper/Office Assistant
BHK Lawn Maintenance, Inc - March 2010 to May 2011

Set up interviews between the CEO and information services companies to install fleet management systems
in company vehicles. Enhanced existing spreadsheets in appearance and functionality to increase efficiency.
Developed new spreadsheets to manage resources and provide cost analysis. Cleaned up old documentation
and contract templates.

Engineer Intern, Highway and Infrastructure Division
STV Incorporated  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2008 to September 2008

Researched and compiled project data to assist senior engineers during a highway expansion project. Utilized
Microstation and Bentley InRoads to do preliminary designs of on/off ramps and enhancing existing storm
water detention basins to meet state and federal requirements.

Engineer Intern, 9th Survey District
Philadelphia Streets Department  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2007 to September 2007

Worked as part of a surveying crew performing boundary surveys for state and private contracts. Actively
prepared  for  field  operations  by  researching  old  plans  for  surveyors  to  determine  property  lines,  existing
markers and dimensions. Maintained and operating surveying equipment during field operations. Equipment
included 1 and 5 second EDM, Level, Transit gun, Collector, and GPS surveying devices.

Engineer Intern, Belmont Water Treatment Plant
Philadelphia Water Department  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2006 to September 2006

Completed daily water tests and laboratory work to ensure city drinking water met federal standards. Obtained
sample collections of water, chemicals, and organic compounds to be processed and logged for chemical
introduction and record archives. Tests included jar test from plant inlet and backwash test. Sample collections
include; backwash sample, floc sample from sedimentation basins, and sodium hypochlorite samples.

EDUCATION

Master of Engineering in Civil Engineering
Widener University - Chester, PA
2012 to 2013

Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
2004 to 2009

SKILLS

civil engineering, microstation, Bentley Inroads, Stormwater/wastewater management, highway design

CERTIFICATIONS

Fundamental Engineer/Engineer-In-Training
Registered FE/EIT with the Maryland Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

American Society of Civil Engineers, Associate Member ID#: 9146670

