Juxhin Jupi

BS In Electrical Engineering

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Juxhin-Jupi/dfd74a88b69725c7

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Engineer
Stafford Bandlow Engineering  -  Doylestown, PA - April 2012 to Present

The duties with Stafford Bandlow Engineering include but not limited to all aspects of movable bridge electrical
system  design  and  inspection.  Knowledgeable  with  movable  bridge  electrical  equipment  and  installation
including, bridge power and control systems. I have been involved in the development of electrical system
design and the sizing calculations for electrical equipment and have performed electrical system analysis and
operating performance of existing bridges. I acquired experience in the operation of medium and low voltage
switch-gear as part of my Cooperative Engineering program and am also well versed in the application of
emergency generators, lighting design, access control systems and control automation.

Electrical Engineering Coop/Intern
Burns Engineering  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2010 to March 2011

Project Design and Analysis
Research and development
On site visits to distribution substations 13.1kV and below.
PWD micro turbine design and build.
Lighting upgrade for Amtrak sites around the United States like Philadelphia, Florida, Indianapolis and etc.
Tasks included design of an efficient and smart lighting system and research for efficient lights like LED, s,
Fluorescents, Metal Halides among others.
Design and Build 13.1Kv substation relocation for Temple university.
Power Flow correction for Temple University. 
Experience

Dispatch Co-op Assistant
PJM Interconnection  -  Norristown, PA - September 2009 to March 2010

• Helped PJM with the collection and examination of Dispatch Audit Evidence for the 2010 NERC Audit.
• Helped PJM with the preparation of audit documents.
• Sat down with Dispatchers and ran through Contingency Analysis, Market Analysis, Load Distribution and
Shift Supervisor duties. 
Experience

Electrical Engineering Co-op
PECO T&S   -  Berwyn, PA - September 2008 to March 2009

• Helped engineers with tasks involving transmission and substation projects for the city of Philadelphia.
• Analyzed Relay Protection Diagrams (RPD's) and tracked the development of "Tryback" screens.
• Developed instructions for the use of Electronic Temperature Monitors for Transformer Winding Oil. The major
task was the analysis of Transformer single line drawing and cross checking with the temperature monitor
drawings to check where the different
windings were located.
• Worked with a senior engineer on thermal ratings of lines and provided analysis of single line drawings and
equipment such as

Transformers, Relays, Busses, Breakers, CT's and VT's (Current and Voltage Transformers).

EDUCATION

BS in Electrical Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
January 2007 to January 2012

SKILLS

Autocad, MS Office, Matlab, Maple, Pspice

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Computer Skills

Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint)
Good Knowledge of Autocad (6 Month Co-op drawing single line diagrams)

Relevant Coursework

Electric Motor Principles Electronic Devices Transform Methods and Functions
SEL System Protection Class (PROT 401) Computer Science I, II, III (Maple)
Power System Management Power Systems Series Power System Distribution and Managment I, II, III

