Mark Peterson

Lead Nuclear Engineer - PSEG Nuclear

Woodstown, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mark-Peterson/d7212e7567fd526b

Chemical  engineer  seeking  a  job  in  a  chemical/process/system  engineering  field  with  an  opportunity  to
advance into the upper levels of the organization, with management as a potential. 
System  Design:  Oversaw  and  maintained  the  maintenance  strategy  for  the,  repair,  upgrade,  and  normal
operation of systems used within a nuclear power plant (compressors, air dryers, diesel engines, HVAC units,
general pumps and piping, and chemistry related systems). Supported the design and procurement of a surface
condenser and ion exchanger for use on the Ohio Replacement Class of US Navy submarines. Designed a
chemical process to produce Maleic anhydride. Designed a UV light purification system for flour disinfection.
Technical  Writing:  Prepared  documentation  for  troubleshooting,  repair,  procurement,  and  apparent  causal
evaluations of equipment within a nuclear power plant. Prepared and reviewed documents detailing technical
requirements and manufacturing procedures for the main condenser of a US Navy submarine. 
Leadership: Lead a team of engineers and maintenance personal for the troubleshooting and repair of pumps,
diesels, compressors, air dryers, and HVAC industrial units.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Lead Nuclear Engineer
PSEG Nuclear - January 2013 to Present

In my capacity as a Nuclear (Systems/Plant) Engineer, I have been charged with owning the performance of
systems within the Nuclear station such as: instrument air quality systems, fire protection, HVAC, chemistry,
radioactive waste, and domestic water. Duties have included but are not limited to performing apparent causal
analysis  of  issues  related  to  system  performance,  troubleshooting  of  equipment  and  system  wide  issues,
developing  and  maintaining  the  maintenance  strategies  for  assigned  systems,  and  developing  equipment
change requests to improve system capabilities.

Engineer II
General Dynamics Electric Boat  -  New London, CT - June 2011 to December 2013

As an Engineer at General Dynamics Electric Boat I have been in charge of the design of the primary steam
condensers for the U.S. Navy’s nuclear submarines as well as the de-ionized water ion exchanger systems. I
have also recently attended a week-long class on the process of regenerating and designing high purity water
systems (including ion exchangers, reverse osmosis, and filtration).

Engineering Intern
Helios  -  Marlton, NJ - May 2009 to September 2010

Responsibilities
Research and Development on Solar Thermal Panels

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering
Rowan University - Glassboro, NJ
2007 to 2011

SKILLS

System Design (5 years), Chemical Engineer (5 years)

