Michael Billig

Service Manager - Chesterfield Apartments

Fairless Hills, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Billig/5a3dedfd6a2eac31

To obtain the position of chief engineer in a hotel wherein my professional experience will contribute effectively
towards providing excellent maintenance service.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Service Manager
Chesterfield Apartments  -  Levittown, PA - 2013 to Present

Run the day to day operation for an apartment complex of 247 units. Manage two guys directly under me, and
oversee apartment remodels including ordering all materials contractors. Schedule vendors for turn overs in an
organized manor such as carpet cleaning/replacement, cleaning, and general maintenance fallowing a move
in deadline. Ordering all supplies for the maintenance shop and property. Snow removal including plowing,
shoveling, snow blowing, and salting property.

Assistant Chief Engineer
Sheraton Hotel  -  Langhorne, PA - 2012 to Present

Fill in as Chief Engineer whenever needed. Manage major projects, weekly schedule, PM Programs and all
corresponding paperwork. Responsible for maintenance inventory, ordering supplies, obtaining bids for capital
expense projects and handle all corresponding paperwork. On site for all emergencies and during bad weather.
Delegate work daily within the Maintenance Department.

Lead Engineer
Sheraton Hotel  -  Langhorne, PA - 2009 to 2012

Train  new  Chief  Engineers  and  Maintenance  Personnel  on  hotel  procedures  and  the  Ving  lock  systems.
Present training to staff on hotel life safety systems (fire panel, emergency generator, transfer switch, sprinkler
system). Programming and repair of electrical locks, back house and guest rooms. Coordinate with suppliers
and vendors. Responsible for HVAC repairs (roof top unit PM's - PTAC rebuilds, split unit PM's and repairs,
roof ventilator repairs), electrical repairs (switches, outlets, ballasts and light sockets) and plumbing repairs by
changing out parts (toilets, diverter valve, pressure regulators, faucets and small pumps). Trouble-shoot and
repair housekeeping equipment, guestroom televisions, lights, furniture, fire panel, smoke heads and in-

room units. Perform preventative maintenance on guest rooms, meeting rooms, public areas and restrooms per
checklist and maintain all records. Responsible for recording equipment readings, meter readings and material
requisitions in a legible and orderly manner. Ensure parking lot/sidewalks are clean of debris, trash, stains,
etc. and basic touchup of interior finish work (paint, vinyl, sheet rock, woodwork). Demonstrate to guests how
to properly operate or use hotel equipment. Maintain pool and spa in accordance with health code standards.

Member of Care Committee - 3 years

Tech
Larry's Window Cleaning  -  Levittown, PA - 2005 to 2006

Responsible  for  providing  estimates  to  potential  customers,  stocking  the  truck,  cleaning  windows,  which
involved climbing ladders, completing associated paperwork.

EDUCATION

Diploma
Pennsbury High School
2003

Refrigeration
Ferris State University

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SUMMARY OF SKILLS

• Excellent communication skills
• Strong ability to solve problems and decision making as immediate as possible
• Have basic knowledge of HVAC equipment
• Basic computer knowledge (Windows, Microsoft Word, Excel)
• CPR Certified
• EPA Refrigerator Transition and Recovery Certification

