Michael Snuffin

Project Engineer/Manager at Siemens Industry, Inc. - Water Technologies Unit

Berlin, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Snuffin/944693fdcf2e518e

Positive self managed independent worker, looking to achieve a professional position
with advancement potential and future options to help realize my potential.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Engineer/Manager
Siemens Industry, Inc. - Water Technologies Unit  -  Vineland, NJ - June 2001 to Present

Vineland New Jersey 08360
Siemens is a manufacturer of chemical feeding equipment for potable & waste water applications which
specializes in the feeding of liquid, gaseous and dry chemicals used in water treatment facilities.
Project Engineer/Manager: June 2001 to Current
During this period performed dual role as project engineer/manager within the order execution team.
Direct interface with customers, sales, management, inter-departmental teams and suppliers, established and
maintained cost and schedules.

• Typically managed 25 -35 projects ranging from $30K to $1.5M concurrently from receipt of purchase order
thru engineering, start-up, customer acceptance and warranty.
• Perform review of bids & risk registers prior to order acceptance including verification of the material cost,
labor and schedules estimates. Routinely review plans and specifications.
• Rationalized the chlorine dioxide product offering to create a concise standardized offering.
Stream lined bills of materials which minimized inventory and lowered cost to build. Redesigned the control
panel design to operate with one common PLC/HMI program across platform.
• Knowledgeable of the application of peristaltic, diaphragm, solenoid pumps, vacuum operated
gas feeders, and screw & belt feeder/tank/silo systems including control panels.
• Obtain quotes for custom buyout items and make vendor selection based on capabilities.
• Specialize in custom assemblies to fulfill a customer's specific need based on their process.
• Create new part numbers and bill of material for custom assemblies.
• Check electrical and mechanical drawing packages prior to release for procurement.

Electrical / Application Engineer
Garvey Corporation  -  Blue Anchor, NJ - February 1990 to January 2001

Blue Anchor, New Jersey 08037
Garvey is a manufacturer of conveyors and packaging equipment for food, pharmaceutical and automotive
industries.

Electrical / Application Engineer: February 1990 to January 2001
• Specialized in the custom fabrication of control packages which entailed engineering of enclosure layouts, I/
O diagrams, wiring schematics, installation drawings and PLC
programming. Key member in application group developing conceptual electro-mechanical
designs including estimates of materials, labor and schedules.

ABILITIES: - MS Office, Adobe Acrobat, Excel, etc.
- Diagnosing & Troubleshooting electro-mechanical problems

- SAP & Baan power user, trains and guides others.
- Toastmaster Club / Public Speaking

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering
Widener University - Chester, PA
May 1990

