Michael Throne

Controls Engineer - The American Governor Company

Hatboro, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Throne/e35bd05dd0752b61

To obtain an electrical engineering position in R&D, control systems, or power distribution at an
electrical/electronic, medical or defense company where I can use my electrical and mechanical
designing, programming, analytical, and troubleshooting skills to continue building learning experience
and improve products and services.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Controls Engineer
The American Governor Company - October 2013 to Present

Lead design engineer for digital governor upgrade for Oklahoma Municipal Power Authority,
Kaw Dam project with work including cabinet design, elementary and wiring diagrams,
component selection, PLC programming and troubleshooting, HMI design, installation,
commissioning, on-site training, and authoring an operation and maintenance manual.
• Assisted with digital upgrade project for the United States Army Corps of Engineers with work
including  mechanical  design,  wiring  diagrams,  factory  acceptance  testing,  commissioning  and  authoring
operation and maintenance manuals.
• Assisted on various digital upgrade projects with work including HMI design, mechanical design,
factory acceptance testing, PLC programming, wiring diagrams, and cabinet design.

Student Manager
The Pennsylvania State University - 2011 to 2013

West Food District
• Cross trained to work at The West Wing and Waring Square.
• Responsible for the coordination of student employees tasks during shifts.
• Trained as a culinary apprentice to help cooks prepare food.

Engineering Intern
The Philadelphia Naval Yard  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2008 to 2010

Engineering Aid
• Recreated 3-Dimensional computer renderings of test site
equipment and the site itself for use in the on base 3-D simulator
room using Solidworks.
• Contributed to research done on electronic actuators and co- authored a white paper submitted to the officer
in charge of
funding for possible projects and renovations to the fleet.
• Authored start-up and shut-down procedures for test equipment at an on base test site.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering
The Pennsylvania State University
May 2013

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Experienced in engineering design, installation, and troubleshooting of control systems. My
specialization is in electrical/electronic design, development and testing and knowledgeable in PID
control systems programming and mechanical systems. Self-motivated professional able to work
independently or as a part of a team.

