Oluyemi Adetule

Facilities Engineer

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Oluyemi-Adetule/b913b3f734794a96

A  maintenance,  facilities,  reliability  and  plant  engineer  bringing  to  the  table  a  wealth  of  experience  in
technology, entrepreneurship and management - with high aptitude for achieving goals, leading and managing
multicultural teams across emerging and developed markets. Other strengths include strong oral and written
communication skills, problem-solving, and ability to simplify complex subjects. Specialties include consulting,
process engineering, project engineering, project management, production system, operational excellence,
energy management, capability building and business development.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Facilities Engineer
The Ritz-Carlton  -  White Plains, NY - July 2013 to November 2015

• Maintain the entire hotel facility, including the physical building structure, all mechanical equipment-chillers,
boilers,  water  softeners,  and  refrigeration  equipment;  electrical,  HVAC  systems,  and  related  equipment  in
accordance with energy conservation and preventative maintenance programs. Ensure the upkeep of guest
areas to maintain an attractive hotel.
• Conduct walk-throughs and visually assess the safe and efficient maintenance and operation of the physical
structure(s) of the hotel, all mechanical, electrical, HVAC systems and any other related equipment.
• Maintain effective energy management and preventive maintenance programs and conducted special training
for other operating departments on the safe and efficient use of equipment and energy in the hotel.
• Perform fire prevention, environmental health and safety on all engineering and building systems. Attended
all meetings regarding hotel operations: department, fire, safety, health, quality improvement.
•  Inform  the  supervisor  on  a  regular  basis  regarding  the  specific  and  overall  condition  of  the  building
structure(s), related systems, and equipment offering prudent, cost effective proposals for maintaining these
systems. Accessed and input information into a computer and generate reports.
• Perform necessary repairs and maintenance throughout the hotel. Assigned department employees to make
electrical, carpentry, plumbing, plastering, painting, locksmith and other mechanical installations and repairs.
• Verify completion of all repairs, replacement, and renovation projects to offices and employee work areas.
• Prepare technical data, bidding, project work, alterations and repairs for properties.
• Manage water treatment programs.

Senior Facilities Engineer
Afren Energy  -  NG - May 2007 to July 2012

• Maintained and repaired physical plant and all of its features, including: day-to-day system operation and
maintenance routines such as preventive maintenance, minor and major repairs and improvements on boilers,
chillers, pumps and other appliances.
•  Coordinated  maintenance  scheduling  to  optimize  equipment  performance  by  supervising  technicians  as
regards their daily schedule.
• Directed production schedule with planning team by instructing technicians on what to do in order to satisfy
customers demand.
• Managed team schedules and technician staffing levels to ensure proper utilization of team.

•  Provided  timely  and  competent  process  engineering  for  plant  operations  to  address  safety,  integrity  and
reliability related problems and proposes / implements system upgrades.
•  Performed  process  optimization  studies  to  identify,  evaluate  capital  and  operating  cost  savings,  product
configuration alternatives and safety facilities requirements.

Facilities Engineer
3) Niger Delta Exploration and Production (NDEP)  -  NG - March 2003 to May 2007

Ensured adequate spare parts inventory, optimizes & coordinates scheduling of preventative, predictive &
corrective maintenance to improve equipment reliability.
•  Provided  shop  floor  day-to-day  equipment  /  instrumentation  /  robotic  &  utilities  engineering  support  to
manufacturing operations.
• Developed maintenance programs for preventive maintenance, scheduling of equipment and manpower,
requirements for new equipment, and reviewing technical aspects of budgets and accountability.
•  Maintained  a  high  level  of  technical  knowledge  and  may  coordinate  safety,  current  Good  Manufacturing
Practices, and environmental compliance programs.
• Actively supported productivity improvement program and resolution of deviation events.
•  Participated  in  root  cause  investigations,  evaluates,  develops  and  improves  business  processes  and
develops technical rationale for system improvements.

• Verified completion of all routine maintenance on public spaces, meeting rooms, ballrooms, outlets, back of
the house spaces, and grounds.

EDUCATION

M.Eng. in Chemical Engineering
Cornell University
May 2013

Chemical
American Institute of Chemical Engineers and American Chemical Society workshops
2002 to 2003

B.Tech. in Chemical Engineering
Ladoke Akintola University
March 2001

SKILLS

Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Office Suite (10+ years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
Microsoft Office Products: Excel, Power Point, Word, Visio, MS Project and SharePoint

