Omoniyi Oladimeji

Preventive Maintenance Engineer - The Ritz-Carlton

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Omoniyi-Oladimeji/16ef195c6eac9ca6

A plant engineer bringing to the table a wealth of experience in solving complex engineering problems and
finding a way to continually improve the plant performance for production purpose.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Preventive Maintenance Engineer
The Ritz-Carlton  -  White Plains, NY - February 2015 to Present

Maintain the entire hotel facility, including the physical building structure, all mechanical equipment-chillers,
boilers,  water  softeners,  and  refrigeration  equipment;  electrical,  HVAC  systems,  and  related  equipment  in
accordance with energy conservation and preventative maintenance programs. Ensure the upkeep of guest
areas to maintain an attractive hotel.
• Conduct walk-throughs and visually assess the safe and efficient maintenance and operation of the physical
structure(s) of the hotel, all mechanical, electrical, HVAC systems and any other related equipment.
• Maintain effective energy management and preventive maintenance programs and conducted special training
for other operating departments on the safe and efficient use of equipment and energy in the hotel.
• Perform fire prevention, environmental health and safety on all engineering and building systems. Attended
all meetings regarding hotel operations: department, fire, safety, health, quality improvement.
•  Inform  the  supervisor  on  a  regular  basis  regarding  the  specific  and  overall  condition  of  the  building
structure(s), related systems, and equipment offering prudent, cost effective proposals for maintaining these
systems. Accessed and input information into a computer and generate reports.
• Perform necessary repairs and maintenance throughout the hotel. Assigned department employees to make
electrical, carpentry, plumbing, plastering, painting, locksmith and other mechanical installations and repairs.
• Verify completion of all repairs, replacement, and renovation projects to offices and employee work areas.
• Prepare technical data, bidding, project work, alterations and repairs for properties.
• Manage water treatment programs.

Plant Manager
Afren Energy  -  Lagos, GU - December 2008 to July 2015

•  Performed  effective  energy  management  and  preventive  maintenance  programs  and  conducted  special
training for other operating departments on the safe and efficient use of equipment.
.Designed,constructed and managed 500cubic meters chemical plant for the production gas and fertilizer.

.Painstainkingly  worked  on  improving  the  process  of  generating  the  gas  through  continuous  improvement
process strategy.

Performed process optimimization technique so as to ensure that the plant is operating at optimum level.

• Verified completion of all routine maintenance on public spaces, meeting rooms, ballrooms, outlets, back of
the house spaces, and grounds.
• Assigned department employees to make electrical, carpentry, plumbing, plastering, painting, locksmith and
other mechanical installations and repairs.

Chemical Plant Engineer
Niger Delta E&P  -  Port Harcourt - September 2003 to November 2006

.Designed,constructed and maintained 50cubic meter gas chemical plant for production purpose.

.Produced Biogas and fertilizer from organic materials.

Processed the digestate for the production of fertilizer by draining the water out and transforming the product
into pellet form .

• Communicated status of work orders to operation manager. 
• Assisted Engineering team with work orders as assigned.

EDUCATION

M.S. in Electrical and Computer Engineering
New York University Polytechnic School of Engineering - New York, NY
2012

M.Sc. in Electronic and Electrical Engineering
Obafemi Awolowo University
December 2008

B.Tech. in Electronic and Electrical Engineering
Ladoke Akintola University
June 2002

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
Microsoft Office Products: Excel, Power Point, Word, Visio, MS Project and SharePoint

