Richard Mullen

Lead structural design engineer - Legacy Shaw

Township of Woolwich, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Richard-Mullen/115a20c62546bf37

• Talented senior structural engineer with six plus years experience designing structures for
the nuclear industry. Extensive design experience with structural steel and reinforced
concrete. Resourceful problem solver that employs cost effective engineering strategies.
Recognized for attention to detail, technical expertise and strict adherence to engineering
standards.
• Nine years experience as a structural engineer in design of multiple new commercial and
residential buildings, additions and rehabilitation work.
• Over eight years of experience as a self employed concrete contractor, constructing new
retail facilities, schools and commercial buildings.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Lead structural design engineer
Legacy Shaw  -  Moorestown, NJ - August 2007 to Present

for the Eagle Rock Uranium Enrichment Facility in Bonneville
County, Idaho, with an estimated construction cost of $3 billion. Interacted and coordinated
design efforts with a team of more 70 civil, structural, architectural, electrical and mechanical
design professionals. Design of concrete and steel members for each building was done using
GT Strudl analysis program. Determined spectral acceleration values at the fundamental
frequency from a modal analysis utilizing ASCE 4. Prepared excel spread sheet files for steel
design, Load-Moment interaction curves for concrete columns and foundation pedestals;
designed concrete foundations using finite elements analysis.

Project: Levy Nuclear Power Plant
Levy County, Florida

Lead structural design engineer for two buildings for the Levy County Nuclear Power Plant
Units 1 and 2 in Levy County, Florida, with an estimated total construction cost between $17
billion and $22 billion. Design of concrete and steel members for each building was done using
GT Strudl analysis program. Prepared excel spread sheet files for steel design, Load-Moment
interaction curves for concrete columns and foundation pedestals; designed concrete foundations
using finite elements analysis.
Rich Mullen Resume

Project: National Enrichment Facility
Eunice, NM

Structural  design  engineer  for  National  Enrichment  Facility  in  Eunice,  New  Mexico,  with  an  estimated
construction cost $2 billion. Prepared CAD drawings using AutoCad and peer review of structural calculations
and specifications. Reviewed structural steel shop drawings for compliance with construction drawings and
specifications.

Project Manager/Structural Engineer

Remington & Vernick Engineers - April 2007 to August 2007

Responsible for designing six (6) new additions to Monroe Township schools, including a
30,000 square foot addition to the high school. Structural systems included masonry bearing
walls  supporting  open  web  steel  roof  and  floor  trusses.  Lateral  force  resisting  system  comprised  of  dual
masonry shear walls and steel moment frame. Other responsibilities included structural
assessment of existing buildings, retrofitting of Perkins Performing Arts Center in Collingswood,
NJ, peer review of structural calculations submitted by professional engineering consultants for various towns
and cities.

Project Manager/Structural Engineer
Damiano Long  -  Camden, NJ - June 2000 to March 2007

Responsible for designing
structural steel frame building with vertical steel bracing and shallow foundations.
Designed custom steel trusses, spanning over 100 feet to support roof over sanctuary.

• 30,000 square feet Gateway Office Building, Phoenixville, PA. Responsible for designing structural steel,
concrete wall panels, and masonry shear walls.

• 45,000 square feet senior housing complex in Salem, NJ. Project consisted of renovating
existing three (3) story abandoned timber apartment building and new design of connecting three (3) story
timber senior housing center. First story of new complex
involved the design of a steel moment frame to allow for parking below the second floor.
Rich Mullen Resume

Staff Structural Engineer
Adler Engineering - May 1999 to June 2000

Analyzed existing lattice towers, monopoles, water tanks and building roofs for qualification for the addition of
telecommunications equipment. Performed structural design calculations for
building systems including foundations, slabs on grade and steel framing members, masonry and heavy timber
framing members. Additional duties included review and structural analysis of
existing facilities providing recommendations for improvements to upgrade buildings for usage
changes.

Self employed commercial union concrete contractor
South Jersey Concrete  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - April 1991 to September 1998

Type of work included structural concrete for buildings, inclusive of foundations and slabs on grade, along with
all site concrete. Some
projects include Carrabba's Italian Grill-Maple Shade, Brick Township & Turnersville, Outback
Steak House-Turnersville & Brick Township, Old Country Buffet-Deptford, Sneaker Stadium-
Deptford, Yorkship Middle School Addition-Camden.

EDUCATION

Bachelors of Science in Civil Engineering
Rutgers University, The State University of New Jersey
1999

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Computer Skills
• GT Strudl, RISA, AutoCad, MathCad, Enercalc, Microsoft Office, PLS Pole & Tower.

Standards
• The International Building Code (IBC)
• American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) 7-05, 43-05 & 4-98
• American Institute of Steel Construction (AISC) Steel Construction Manual 13th Edition
AISC N690-06 & AISC 341-05
• American Concrete Institute (ACI) 318-08, 349-06 & 530-08
• National Design Specification (NDS) for Wood Construction
• TIA/EIA-222 Structural Standards for Steel Antenna Towers and Antenna Supporting
Structures.

