Robert Stancavage

Construction Superintendent

Phoenixville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Robert-Stancavage/bc0df598a22780f8

WORK EXPERIENCE

Construction Superintendent
DISABATINO CONSTRUCTION  -  Wilmington, DE - May 2015 to January 2016

Site superintendent for the on-site maintenance contractor for a major chemical company. Work included:
Coordinated electrical, mechanical, architectural, concrete, roofing, and audio/visual crews for maintenance
repair
work  orders  and  small  capital  projects.  Duties  included  estimating  and  proposal  submittal,  overseeing  the
work  for  compliance  with  drawings  and  specifications,  coordination  of  scheduling,  site  safety  compliance,
preparation and
submittal of Additional Work Requests(AWR's), entry and planning work orders in the client's SAP work order
system, and monitoring and tracking costs.

Construction Superintendent
IMC CONSTRUCTION  -  Malvern, PA - July 2014 to December 2014

Oversaw contractor construction work at several project sites. Work included:
Fit  out  of  a  large  warehouse  for  major  bakery  supplier.  Duties  included  overseeing  the  contractor  work
for compliance with drawings and specifications, coordination of scheduling and work between contractors,
scheduling and meeting with township officials for permits and inspections, and site safety orientation and
compliance.

Construction Superintendent
KBR, INC  -  Newark, DE - November 2010 to December 2012

Oversaw contractor and site construction and maintenance work at several sites serving as the Owner's
representative for a major chemical company, assuring compliance with site safety and OSHA regulations.
Some of the projects were:
Managed the installation of an underground pipeline to replace fuel oil with natural gas on an existing boiler.
• The annual fuel savings realized from this project exceeds $ 1 million.
Replaced an existing built-up roof with a rubber roof during normal business hours with minimal overtime,
despite requiring unplanned asbestos abatement work.
• Operations and occupancy were maintained in the building below throughout the project.
• No injuries or environmental incidents were encountered.

Contract Engineer
PRECIS ENGINEERING  -  Ambler, PA - 2009 to 2010

Tasked with assisting the engineering and utility department at a major pharmaceutical firm with maintaining
and upgrading the steam and condensate systems.

Construction Superintendent / Construction Manager
BE&K, INC  -  Newark, DE - 2005 to 2008

Construction Superintendent for DuPont, Wilmington, DE - Provided site supervision and field engineering on a
diverse range of commercial construction, demolition, and infrastructure projects at various DuPont sites as a

member of the Wilmington Area Construction Management team, including the conversion of laboratories to
offices,
corporate  office  upgrades,  underground  utility  installation,  parking  lot  construction,  as  well  as  abandoned
process
equipment and building demolitions.
• Maintained an injury-free workplace for the duration of my tenure

Construction Manager for Arkema, Calvert City, KY - Oversaw piping construction for the retrofit of an existing
chemical facility process conversion. Tasks were assuring safety procedures were followed, recording work
progress, facilitating conflict resolution between trades and contractors, resolving and documenting design
conflicts, and start-up and checkout assistance.
• Managed more than 120 tradesmen per shift.

Construction Manager for DuPont, Front Royal, VA - Administered installation of EPA-mandated air pollution
equipment at a paint production facility including daily construction permits, safety monitoring, design conflict
resolution, cost control, and change order issuance. Both union and non-union contractors were utilized.
• This project brought the facility into government emissions compliance.

Project  Engineer  /  Construction  Manager  for  Intrinergy,  Coshocton,  OH  -  Served  as  project  manager  for
construction of a pilot plant to produce synthetic gas from refuse-derived fuel. Led all field work including scope
of
work preparation, bid analysis, contractor selection; site procurement, clearing, and development; construction;
and start-up assistance.
• This prototype plant, the first of its kind in the US, was completed using local union labor with no injuries
or incidents.

Engineer / Construction Manager
H&A CONSULTING ENGINEERS, INC  -  Newtown Square, PA - 1989 to 2005

Various assignments as an extension of Scott Paper's Chester, PA Engineering Department included:
Distribution Asset Engineer - Assisted with the maintenance planning for the site's Distribution Warehouse.
Developed  and  prioritized  work  orders  to  plan  and  perform  breakdown  repairs,  routine  preventative
maintenance, and equipment upgrades. The area consisted of an extensive automated conveyor system with
unitizers,
palletizers, and dock shipping and receiving equipment.
• Led a project to survey all equipment for lockout and tagout procedures required for standard maintenance
and repair tasks. The information was input into the site's INFOMACS computerized equipment and work
order database, making it available plant wide around the clock. This satisfied a deficiency found during an
OSHA survey.
Paper Machine Asset Engineer / Construction Manager - Construction coordinator responsible for inventory
control,
document control, quality control, and construction checkout for a $50 million tissue machine rebuild.
• Supervised the dismantling, match marking, labeling, and removal of three obsolete paper machines
following their sale for overseas re-assembly. This was the first use of non-union personnel on the site and
was achieved without incident.

Pulp Prep Asset Engineer / Construction Manager - Construction manager for the installation of five automated
pulp conveyor lines for the handling / dewiring of pulp bales. Demolished the existing manual feed conveyor
lines and replaced them with fully automated dewiring stations and feed lines. The project also included training
the pulp

operators on the operation of the new equipment.
• A unique problem encountered was the conveyor lines automatically operating when there were no bales in
front of photoeyes to trigger them, as normally required. This problem was occurring during the morning
hours but resolved itself during the rest of the day. After days of troubleshooting, it was discovered that the
low morning sun reflected off the river adjacent to the dock. When a person or forklift walked past along the
dock, the reflection onto the eye would be interrupted and the conveyor would start. "Blinders"
were installed on the photoeyes to prevent accidental triggering.

Co-Generation Facility Construction Superintendent - Monitored safety and construction progress during the
site's
spring maintenance shutdowns. The plant boiler was shutdown, evaluated, and re-built during these annual
45-day around the clock turnarounds.
Another assignment was with Cabot Supermetals in Boyertown, PA, including:
Project Engineer / Construction Manager - Assisted client's engineering team on project concepts, alternatives,
analyses, project scope development, writing capital fund requests, and procurement assistance. CM duties
were
construction surveillance, issuing daily contractor work permits, safety monitoring and assurance, and cost
control and progress monitoring for daily maintenance and capital projects.

EDUCATION

BS in Mechanical Engineering
THE PENNSYLVANIA STATE UNIVERSITY - University Park, PA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Key Skills
- Construction/Demolition/Renovation Projects
- Site Improvement Projects
- Environmental Compliance Projects
- Site Safety/OSHA Compliance
- QA/QC/Field Engineering
- Change Order Management
- Budgeting & Cost Controls
- Bidding/Estimating/Proposals
- Subcontractor/Crew Supervision

