Robert Jordan

Supervising Electrical Engineer

Bordentown, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Robert-Jordan/1c9835d319249ae8

WORK EXPERIENCE

Supervising Electrical Engineer
URS  -  Princeton, NJ - 1998 to July 2014

Chief Electrical Engineer
Raytheon Engineers  -  Tampa, FL - 1994 to 1998

Senior Electrical Engineer
Raytheon Engineers  -  Tampa, FL - 1988 to 1994

Chief Electrical Engineer
EMTEC Corporation  -  Tampa, FL - 1986 to 1988

Electrical Engineer/Designer
Badger USA  -  Tampa, FL - 1974 to 1986

Electrical Engineer
The Austin Company  -  Bordentown, NJ - 1973 to 1974

08505
609-499-8354 rjrj1949@verizon.net
Over  40  years  experience  in  Electrical  Consulting  Engineering.  Responsibilities  include  acting  as  Lead
Electrical  Engineer  on  assigned  projects  and  providing  direct  supervision  and  administration  of  electrical
engineers and designers for that project. Job responsibilities include preparation of single line diagrams and
load studies; preparation of hazardous area classification drawings, detailed engineering of protective devices,
short-circuit analysis, and voltage drop calculations; preparation of specifications for substations, switchgear
and motor control centers; supervision of designers in layout of power distribution systems, lighting, grounding,
communication, fire alarm, and control schemes; and coordinating electrical design efforts within assigned
projects.
Recent experience includes design of an auxiliary power system to support a new AQCS on a 458 MW power
plant in New Hampshire.
Experience also includes design and selection of equipment for a 464 MW combined cycle power plant for
the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority. International experience includes design and selection of electrical
equipment  for  two  fertilizer  plants  in  China,  including  initial  contract  negotiations,  interfacing  with  Chinese
engineers and Design Institutes, selection of Chinese electrical equipment vendors, and final inspection of
electrical equipment in China.
Respresentative Experience
We  Energies,  Pleasant  Prairie  Power  Station,  Boiler  Cleaning  Project  ,  lead  Electrical  Engineer  Electrical
design for installation of pressure washers in existing boilers.
Public Service Electric & Gas of New Jersey, Carlstadt, Totowa, Great Notch , Dumont, 69kV upgrade projects.
Electrical Engineer. Conceptual design for substations upgrade to 69kV.
We  Energies,  Valley  Power  Station  gas  conversion  project,  lead  Electrical  Engineer  Electrical  design  for
conversion of existing boiler coal burners to natural gas burners.
Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory, ITER Project, Electrical Engineer. Write specifications for balance of
plant electrical equipment purchase for next generation fusion reactor.

United States Department of Energy, Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory, Separation Process Research Unit
(SPRU) Disposition Project, Sludge Solidification System, Lead Electrical Owner's Engineer. Review turn-key
contractor's drawings for SPRU Sludge project.
GenOn  REMA,  New  Jersey  Combustion  Turbines  Retrofit  Project,  Lead  Electrical  Engineer.  Conceptual
Design for SCR retrofit for four power generation stations in New Jersey. Prepare detailed construction bid
package.

.
Team Energy Philippines, Pagbilao Power Generating Station Expansion, Lead Electrical Engineer. Unit 3
conceptual design package
Public Service Electric & Gas of New Jersey, Mountain Avenue Project, Lead Electrical Engineer. Conceptual
design  for  substation  upgrade,  26kV  to  69kV.  Prepare  detailed  design  bid  package,  permit  package,  and
material lists.
Public Service Electric & Gas of New Jersey, North Avenue Project, Lead Electrical Engineer. Final design for
transformer replacements and relay upgrades. Prepare detailed construction bid package.
General Atomics, Next Generation Nuclear Plant (NGNP), Lead Electrical Engineer. Conceptual design for
350MW  gas  cooled  reactor  cogeneration  station.  Engineering  scope  included  development  of  conceptual
design and detailed cost estimate support. Also prepared bid packages for equipment supply. Prepared load
study.
Public  Service  of  New  Hampshire,  Merrimack  Clean  Air  Project,  Lead  Electrical  Engineer.  Total  project
electrical engineering responsibilities for retrofit of FGD on 458 MW coal plant. Engineering scope included
evaluation of various technologies, development of detailed design and detailed cost estimate. Also prepared
bid packages and technical evaluations for FGD equipment supply and chimney design and build contracts.
Prepared load study and evaluated existing electrical system to support new AQCS and designed new auxiliary
power system.
Wisconsin  Public  Service  Corporation,  Weston  3  AQCS,  Lead  Electrical  Engineer.  Total  project  electrical
engineering  responsibilities  for  retrofit  of  FGD  on  330  MW  PRB  coal  plant.  Engineering  scope  included
evaluation  of  various  technologies,  development  of  conceptual  design  and  detailed  cost  estimate.  Also
prepared bid packages and technical evaluations for FGD equipment supply and chimney design and build
contracts. Prepared load study and evaluated existing electrical system to support new AQCS.
Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, San Juan Station, 464 MW Combined Cycle Power Plant, Lead Electrical
Engineer.  Design  of  Balance  of  Plant  Electrical  Systems.  Specify  transformers,  isophase  bus,  bus  duct,
switchgear,  motor  control  centers,  battery  and  UPS  systems.  Provide  for  the  electrical  connection  of  the
generation equipment provided by Westinghouse and interconnection to the high voltage system. Performed
all calculations related to the new electrical distribution systems required for this project at the existing San
Juan Station.
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Iraq High Voltage Substation Equipment Replacements, Electrical Engineer.
Specify equipment and assist in procurement for equipment for Agraguf, Baghdad East, and Baghdad West
substations in Iraq.
Allegheny Power, Hatfield's Ferry Station, Fire Damage Assessment, Electrical Engineer. Investigate causes,
write report and provide replacement material take-off relating to hydrogen fire damage at Hatfield's Ferry Unit
No. 2.

Detroit Edison, St. Clair Station, Boiler Water Circulating Pump Motor Failure Analysis, Electrical Engineer.
Investigate causes and write Analysis Report relating to glandless boiler water circulating pump motor failures.
Specify and procure replacement 480V switchgear and dry type transformers for pump motor feeder service,
and supervise installation at St. Clair Station.

Reliant Energy Aurora Station, Root Cause Failure Analysis Report for Circuit Breaker Enclosure Bus Faults,
Electrical Engineer. Investigate causes and write Root Cause Analysis Report relating to bus faults in 15 KV
generator circuit breaker enclosures.
Consolidated Edison of New York East River Repowering, 330 MW Truncated Combined Cycle Power Plant,
Lead Electrical Engineer. Design of Balance of Plant systems. Specify transformers, bus duct, motor control
centers, battery and UPS systems. Provide for the electrical connection of the generation equipment provided
by  GE  and  interconnection  to  high  voltage  system.  Perform  all  calculations  related  to  the  new  electrical
distribution systems required for this project in an existing Consolidated Edison Station.
Conectiv Mickleton Substation Modification, Lead Electrical Engineer. Modify existing 230 kV substation to
breaker and one-half design for addition of 230 kV circuit breakers, modify existing open bus structures.
City  of  Tallahassee,  232  MW  Combined  Cycle  Power  Plant,  Lead  Electrical  Engineer.  Design  of  Balance
of  Plant  Electrical  Systems  for  new  combined  cycle  power  plant.  Project  scope  included  zero  discharge
wastewater treatment plant.
Allied Signal, Nylon 6 SSP Expansion, Lead Electrical Engineer. Design lighting, power and control for 60
motors.
PCS Phosphate, Fertilizer 2400V Upgrade, Lead Electrical Engineer. Design replacement of 2400V substation
including 2400V switchgear and MCCS.
CNTIC, China, Aluminum Fluoride Plant, Lead Electrical Engineer. Design lighting, power and motor control
for 50 motors, procurement of electrical equipment, interface with Chinese Design Institute.
Refineria  ISLA,  Furfural  Expansion,  Lead  Electrical  Engineer.  Design  new  distribution  substation,  modify
existing 6 kV substation power and control for 20 motors for refinery in Curacao.
CNTIC, China, Phosphoric Acid Plant, Lead Electrical Engineer. Design for lighting, power, and motor control
for 100 motors, procurement of electrical equipment in China, interface with Chinese Design Institute.

CITGO, Hazardous Area Compliance, Lead Electrical Engineer. Process Safety Management Reclassification
of Citgo Refinery in Corpus Christi.
Texasgulf,  Inc.,  Water  Management  Project,  Lead  Electrical  Engineer.  Design  for  two  new  distribution
substations, power and control for 50 motors, for wastewater treatment upgrade
CITGO, Replace Wastewater Impoundments, Lead Electrical Engineer. Design for new wastewater treatment
plant, lighting power and control for 100 motors, 15 kV substations, distribution substations, one mile of 15 kV
PILC duct bank, 19,000 HP connected.
Texasgulf, Inc., 25 kV Switchhouse Project, Lead Electrical Engineer. Design for 25 kV vacuum breaker lineup,
including reconnection of ten distribution substations, one mile of 25 kV pole line.
Texasgulf, Inc., Calciner Electrical Upgrade, Lead Electrical Engineer. Design for replacement of 2400V and
480V substations, motor control.
General Electric, Solid Waste Incinerators, Lead Electrical Engineer. Design lighting, power and control for
new rotary incinerator.
Chevron,  Phosphate  Fertilizer  Complex,  Lead  Electrical  Engineer.  Design  lighting,  power  and  control  for
grassroots fertilizer complex, including 34 kV substation, 10 distribution substations.
Arco Chemical, Plastic Facility Expansion, Electrical Field Engineer. Construction management of electrical
contractor.
SF  Phosphates,  Evaporator  and  Filter  Expansion,  Lead  Electrical  Engineer.  Design  of  two  distribution
substations, motor power and control for 60 motors.
TECO Polk Power, Gravity Settler Addition, Lead Electrical Engineer. Design of motor power and control for
20 motors
Merck & Company, MK-991 Pharmaceutical Project, Lead Electrical Engineer. Design of lighting, motor power
and control for 60 motors.
Tosco Refinery, Brine Unit Addition, Lead Electrical Engineer. Design of outdoor starter racks, lighting, motor
power and control for 20 motors.

Breed Automotive, Powder Mfg. Building #10 Modifications, Lead Electrical Engineer. Design building lighting,
power and motor control for 40 motors.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Electrical Engineering
University of Illinois at Chicago Circle - Chicago, IL

