Scott Robenolt

Instrumentation and Electrical (I&E) Design Engineer

Haddonfield, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Scott-Robenolt/007f89e1a5d8f64d

Mr. Robenolt is an I&E Design Engineer with 34 years of experience in the design
of instrumentation and electrical control systems for chemical process plants,
refineries, power generating stations, and manufacturing facilities. His expertise
includes the preparation of elementary wiring diagrams; interconnecting wiring
diagrams; loop diagrams; instrument installation details; control panel arrangements;
conduit and cable schedules; and instrument location and conduit routing plans. Mr.
Robenolt has over 20 years of experience in, and is proficient using MicroStation
Computer Aided Design Software and Microsoft Windows applications. Mr.
Robenolt also has strong experience in the field, performing instrument loop checks
and construction oversight.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Instrumentation and Electrical (I&E) Design Engineer
Jacobs Engineering / Sharp Design Inc.  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - June 1992 to June 2012

Jacobs Engineering, Mount Laurel, NJ (June 1992 to June 2012)
Sharp Design Inc., Woodbury, NJ (June 1992 to Jacobs acquisition Dec. 2001)

Mr. Robenolt has 20 years experience with Jacobs Engineering and Sharp Design,
having been involved in numerous projects both large and small, for refineries in
Paulsboro NJ and Marcus Hook PA. Representative projects include:

• I&E Design Engineer for an Operator Shelter project consolidating three
operator shelters (control rooms) into one multi-unit blast resistant operator
shelter. This project included re-routing of instrumentation, control and data
cables to the consolidated control room, relocation of three DCS consoles,
design of three new emergency shut-down/annunciator panels, and changes to the existing unit shut-down
interlock systems.

• I&E Design Engineer for a Clean Fuels project separating one process unit into two distinct units. This project
included re-routing of instrumentation and
control cables to a new remote instrument enclosure.

• I&E Design Engineer for a Sulfur Recovery Complex H2S Monitoring System
upgrade. This project included the design for forty-two (42) locally mounted
sensors, a control panel housing three 16-channel monitors in the unit control
room, and interface to the DCS for danger, warning, and malfunction alarms.

• I&E Design Engineer for the re-instrumentation of an Ethylene Oxide Unit.
This project involved the evaluation of the Unit Emergency Shut-Down System for compliance with client and
industry standards, the renovation of the 120
volt shut-down interlocks and the replacement of shut-down related pneumatic
instruments with electronic devices.

Resume

• I&E Design Engineer for the expansion and yield improvements to existing
FCC and USGP process units. Responsibilities included design for instrumentation associated with upgrading
or replacing numerous heat
exchangers, vessels, pumps, and a new Flue Gas Cooler.

• I&E Design Engineer for the engineering and design of a refinery Process
Heater Re-tube project, including burner control and safety interlock overhaul for two Coker Unit heaters.

• I&E Design Engineer for the engineering and design of a Reformer Naphtha
Process Heater replacement. Responsibilities involved revision of the burner
interlock systems.

• I&E Design Engineer for the I&E component of two pharmaceutical chemical
facility vessel replacements. This project included: control panel design; two
variable speed drives and the associated electrical distribution equipment; and design and implementation of
digital controls.

• I&E Design Engineer for the engineering, design, and construction of an Off-
Gas Sweetening Skid System for an asphalt refinery. This project involved the on-skid mechanical/piping and
instrument/electrical systems, specification and
procurement of all major equipment, instrumentation, and materials, and fabrication of the skids.

• I&E Designer for the engineering and design of a hydrocracking unit
debottleneck project. Extensive re-work of a Honeywell TDC-3000 DCS was
required, as was splitting LCN highways and interfacing two new turbine-driven
compressor PLCs via PLC Gateways. Heater fuel gas and emergency shutdown
relay logic was also extensively revised.

• I&E Design Engineer for the engineering and design of a crude unit upgrade
project. This project incorporated major I&E improvements into the towers and heater.

• I&E Design Engineer for the engineering and design of a refinery-wide, tank
farm DCS upgrade. Project included tie-in of a fiber optic LCN (and related
equipment) to an operating, Honeywell TDC-3000 DCS central control room, and installation of new consoles
in central and remote control rooms. The
project also included the installation of a Honeywell Advanced Process
Manager to replace an existing, on-line gasoline blender PLC.

Electrical / Instrumentation designer
Fluor Daniel  -  Marlton, NJ - August 1990 to September 1991

Mobil Oil Corporation's Paulsboro Refinery DCS upgrade.

Electrical designer
E.I. Dupont de Nemours & Co  -  Newark, DE - June 1988 to July 1990

Biomedical products manufacturing, and nylon fiber production
machinery.

Electrical Designer

ADEC  -  Swarthmore, PA - August 1987 to May 1988

Small arms ammunition manufacturing machinery.

Electrical designer
Ferag Inc  -  Bristol, PA - November 1986 to July 1987

Newspaper conveying equipment.

Electrical designer
Scott Paper Co  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 1984 to October 1986

Paper product manufacturing facilities.

Electrical drafter
Grim Corp  -  Medford, NJ - November 1983 to December 1983

Naval communications equipment.

Electrical drafter
Stone & Webster Engineering Corp  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - September 1979 to April 1983

Nuclear & fossil fuel power generating station projects.

Electrical drafter
Beaumont Birch Co  -  Pennsauken, NJ - June 1978 to September 1979

Ash and Coal conveying and storage systems.

EDUCATION

High School / Vocational - in residential, commercial, and industrial wiring methods;
relay logic; motor control; and the requirements of the National Electric Code.
Camden County Vocational & Technical School - Berlin, NJ
1978

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC), Valid until Nov. 20, 2013

