Sonia Furman

Process Engineer - KBR/BE&K Engineering, Incorporated

Collingdale, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sonia-Furman/7dbcf6a524bf5088

A process engineering position with opportunities for advancement

WORK EXPERIENCE

Process Engineer
KBR/BE&K Engineering, Incorporated  -  Newark, DE - May 2007 to Present

Newark, DE
Provide  engineering  assistance  with  DuPont  projects  while  working  on  a  multidisciplinary  team  and  while
working with client personnel. Assist with the development of detailed engineering/project design for chemical
plants. Make suggestions for process specifications of equipment and instrumentation. Analyze process flow
and instrumentation diagrams for potential causes of overpressure and calculated relief rates for overpressure
scenarios. Size rupture disks and pressure relief valves for the protection of pipes, heat exchangers, storage
tanks, and other pressurized vessels utilizing various software packages and spreadsheets. Assist with design
bases, design records and other documentation for these relief devices. Assist with the maintenance of the
process equipment list.
May 2007- Present

Substitute Teacher, Substitute Teacher Service
several schools  -  Media, PA - March 2004 to May 2007

in  the  Delaware  County  area.  Also  worked  with  mentally  and  physically  challenged  students  on  special
assignment.
March 2004-May 2007

Process Engineer, Kimberly
Kimberly-Clark Corporation  -  Chester, PA - January 2002 to March 2004

Worked on the Process and Product Improvement Team as a Process Engineer in a fast-paced, team oriented
paper manufacturing company. Coordinated and managed simultaneous improvement projects as assigned
by the Team Leader. Interacted and cooperated with machine operators, engineers of various disciplines, and
other crew members in order to accomplish project goals. Collected, tested, and analyzed tissue samples and
process data for assessments of tissue quality and machine performance. Prepared basic statistical analyses.
Reported project progress to team members in weekly meetings. Additionally, assisted team members with
their improvement objectives.

Chemical Technician
Agilent Technologies  -  Wilmington, DE - January 2001 to January 2002

Assisted  with  the  implementation  and  maintenance  of  an  electronic  database  for  the  organization  of  the
chemical inventory on site. Completed a physical chemical inventory. Received, handled, and stored chemical
inventory for the entire plant. Organized relevant files in order to update inventory information. Incorporated
this system at a second location and trained several employees on inventory procedures.
July 2000-January 2001

EDUCATION

M.S.
Widener University - Chester, PA
2011

Chemistry
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
2010

