Terrance Oates

Building Services Technician

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Terrance-Oates/bacd380fab1ea266

WORK EXPERIENCE

Maintenance Engineer
Aramark  -  Villanova, PA - 2015 to 2016

Maintained all facility repair and work orders.
Conducted all preventive maintenance checks in coordination with Chief Engineer.
Monitored and replaced electronic locks to utility rooms as needed.
Managed storage and arrangement of all maintenance tools.
Performed all tasks in compliance with security policies and OSHA regulations.
Maintained and repaired facility electrical, plumbing and hardware equipment.

Building Services Technician
NORDSTROM INC - 2012 to 2015

Assisted in managing the in-house building services program, consisting of maintenance and cleaning
services.
Worked with building services manager, maintenance and cleaning crews to help educate and develop
individuals on programs, processes and procedures.
Conducted daily store inspection, including walk through, and complete corrective actions.
Performed maintenance and/or repairs to HVAC system, kitchen equipment, plumbing system and electrical
fixtures.
Maintained cleanliness and organization according to safety guidelines, including use of Lock
Out/Tag Out procedures.

Service Technician
PENNROSE MGMT. CO  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2010 to 2012

Worked with the service manager on the completion of the service request, vacant rent readies,
property and amenity repairs, preventive maintenance and shop standards.
Interacted with necessary parties to manage eviction proceedings.
Compiled data entry for maintenance request tickets.
Made necessary repairs to apartments and units.

Service Technician
AIMCO  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2007 to 2010

Installed and removed various major appliances throughout various units.
Prepared vacant turnover units for qualified prospective residents.
Monitored the grounds and removed various debris and trash.
Responded professionally to tenants complaint and inquiries.

Shipping and Receiving Coordinator
MERION PUBLICATIONS  -  King of Prussia, PA - 2006 to 2007

Stocked, shipped and received merchandise for company's warehouse.
Periodically  took  inventories,  as  determined  by  company  policy,  to  verify  inventory  records  and  corrects
discrepancies.

Determined methods of storage, identification, and stock location, considering temperature, humidity,
height and weight limits, turnover, floor loading capacities, and required space.
Fulfilled material requisitions promptly and accurately, detects defective material, and reports
shortages.

Chemical Inspector
PALMER INT'L  -  Skippack, PA - 2002 to 2006

Discarded or rejected products, materials, and equipment not meeting specifications.
Inspected, tested, or measured materials, products, installations, and work for conformance to specifications.
Notified supervisors and other personnel of production problems, and assisted in identifying and correcting
those problems.

EDUCATION

Certificate
CITTONE INSTITUTE - Philadelphia, PA
2002 to 2003

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

HIGHLIGHTS OF QUALIFICATIONS
Highly efficient, organized and proactive professional; able to tackle and complete large projects,
requiring significant attention to detail.
Effective manager with exceptional interpersonal and client relation skills.
Network: Proficient in Microsoft NT Workstation/Server, including installation and configuration.
Software Applications: MS Office, IDX, SMS, SAP, FileMaker Pro
OS: MS-DOS, Windows NT 4.0 Server/Workstation, Windows 2000, XP and Vista

• I am self motivated, organized, and possess a strong work ethic, that comes along with high
energy and I am a committed team player.
• I have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, and have the ability to work in
a fast paced environment.
• I am driven to change.

