Vanthuy Lieu

Senior Engineer

Mount Laurel, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vanthuy-Lieu/0f3e5db53459f57b

Project Manager and/or Environmental Data Manager

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Engineer
AMEC Environmental & Infrastructure Inc  -  Hamilton, NJ - 2011 to 2013

Senior Engineer
MACTEC  -  Hamilton, NJ - 2002 to 2011

Senior Engineer
ERM Inc  -  Ewing, NJ - 2000 to 2002

Senior Engineer
Advanced Environmental Solutions LLC  -  Princeton Junction, NJ - 1999 to 2000

Project Manager/Team Leader
GZA Environmental Inc  -  Hammonton, NJ - 1997 to 1999

Project/Task Manager
BCM Engineers/Smith Technologies Inc  -  Burlington, NJ - 1990 to 1997

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Engineering
Drexel University
1991

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Expertise

➢  Conducted  in-house  data  management,  including  sample  setup,  tracking,  validation,  compilation,  and
evaluation.
➢ Coordinated with and reviewed analytical laboratories and data validation subcontractor submittals.
➢ Conducted data management via Locus Technologies Environmental Information Management (EIM(TM))
database,  Enviance®  Environmental  ERP  System,  and  Mactec's  proprietary  Technical  Environmental
Database System (TEDS)
➢ Preparation and submission of NJDEP electronic data deliverable (EDDs)
➢ Document transfer via Locus Technologies ePortal interface
➢ Preparation of proposals and technical reports in accordance with N.J.A.C. 7:26E

Project Management

Remedial Action and Project Management Services for Honeywell projects including but not limited to Jersey
City,  Bayonne,  Highland  Park,  Eatontown,  and  Teterboro,  New  Jersey;  Frankford  and  Fort  Washington,
Pennsylvania.
Managed/Coordinated sampling media for soil, groundwater, air, and surface water samples with numerous
NJDEP-certified laboratories; coordinated sample collection and shipment to laboratories; performed quality
assurance checks on laboratory results; coordinated third-parties data validation; compiled and evaluated data;
prepared technical reports.

Remedial  Investigation  and  Remedial  Action  for  PSEG  projects  in  Edison,  Harrison,  Hamilton,  Paulsboro,
Jersey City, and Camden, New Jersey.
Conducted quality control/ quality assurance for analytical ground water, soil, air, surface water and sediment
results. Coordinated data validation/review by a third party. Responsible for continually managing, evaluating
analytical sample results, preparing tables, figures, and NJDEP EDDs for various reports.

Remedial  Investigation  and  In-Situ  Remediation  (Chlorinated  Solvents  in  Groundwater)  for  United
Technologies Corporation, Bound Brook, New Jersey.
Responsible  for  analytical  data  reported  in  tables  and  figures  for  various  reports.  Groundwater  and  soil
remediation services at 10-acre industrial site.

Coal Tar Impacted Soil Piles Consulting for New Jersey Natural Gas, Manchester, New Jersey.
Responsible  for  data  management,  developing  report  tables  and  reports;  prepared  NJDEP  EDDs.  Full
spectrum of consulting services including investigation, work plan preparation, and remediation implementation
for ¼-acre soil pile area.

Environmental Air Compliance for Dupont, Edgemoor, Delaware.
Responsible  for  maintaining  environmental  management  system  weekly  as  required  by  Title  V  air  permit.
Supported  DuPont's  environmental  compliance  program  at  continuously  operated  chemical  plant  in  Edge
Moor,  Delaware,  that  produces  titanium  dioxide  pigment.  Services  involved  air  monitoring  to  maintain
compliance with Title V permit.

Aluminum Shapes, LLC, Delair, NJ
Provided oversight for groundwater and soil investigation regarding potential chromium at a large aluminum
smelting and extrusion plant in Camden County, New Jersey.

Former CBS Records Site, Pitman, NJ
Managed and provided coordination for ISRA-investigation at the former vinyl manufacturing plant in Pitman,
New Jersey. The investigation included soil, groundwater, surface water, and the assessments of the success
of reconstructed wetland and stream restoration.

VANTHUY H. LIEU

Project Management Experience
Former MGP Sites, Glassboro, Vineland, Bridgeton, Hammonton, and Salem, NJ
Provided coordination and oversight of the contractor during the implementation of investigation. Managed
and interpreted the laboratory results. Prepared RIRs.

Personal Products Company, Milltown, NJ
Supervised subcontractors in test boring and monitoring well installation programs, contaminated excavations,
and removals for an ISRA-investigation at a manufacturing plant. Designed and implemented a chip sampling

program. Performed field screening of soil samples using Hanby to limit laboratory analyses for cost saving.
Supervised  building  interior  cleanup  to  EPA  standards.  Collected  groundwater  samples.  Managed  and
coordinated  the  quarterly  groundwater  sampling  programs.  Interpreted  and  evaluated  data  and  assisted
preparations of Health and Safety Plans, Field Quality Assurance/Quality Control Plans, RAWP, and RAR.

Remington Arms Site, Bridgeport, CT
Collected,  prepared,  and  analyzed  soil  samples  using  x-ray  fluorescence  for  a  RCRA  investigation  at  a
munitions plant. Assisted in the preparation of Current Assessment Summary Report and Fate and Transport
Assessment Report.

