William Sharff

Supplier Quality Engineer - Sikorsky Helicopters

Springfield, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/William-Sharff/da55831343ce99e8

WORK EXPERIENCE

Supplier Quality Engineer
Sikorsky Helicopters  -  Coatesville, PA - September 2000 to Present

Sikorsky Helicopters a Lockheed Martin Company.
Responsible for supplier quality on the following product lines: S-92, S-76 and S-300 Production / Completions
and at the Final Delivery Center including Receiving Inspection / Quality Clinic and Customer Complaints.
Collect and provide supplier performance metrics to management including maintaining a supplier rating of
<500 DPPM.
Issue corrective action plans to the top non-conforming suppliers to bring them back into compliance.
Review and approve standard work for determining supplier's 3D CATIA capabilities.
Act as Business Area Export Representative for the supplier quality department.
Perform internal quality system audits including AS9100C, external supplier quality system audits and Repair
Station Audits.
Manufactured parts detail inspection including: machining, sheet metal, paint, Pre-Preg and composite.
Have been responsible for the PMA inspection process including all associated inspection, documentation,
FAA/PMA application/approval process and training new inspectors. Acted as an FAA Inspection AR for STC
conformity, engineering projects, drawing reviews, and issuance of FAA Form 8130-3 (Airworthiness Approval
Tag) for (7 yrs).

Lead Inspector -NASA 777 Project
SEOS DISPLAYS  -  Avondale, PA - March 1999 to September 2000

SEOS  Displays  is  a  world  supplier  of  Panoramic  Display  platforms  (Flight  Simulators)  for  the  Aerospace
Industry.
Provided certified inspection services and worked with engineering and in-house NASA auditors on project
accuracy and compliance. Established and maintain inspection records with document traceability.

Inspector- Receiving Inspection
SMITH INDUSTRIES - Aerospace & Defense  -  Malvern, PA - January 1996 to March 1999

Smith's Industries is one of the largest suppliers of commercial and military in flight navigational equipment.
Conducted various quality audits, including production, final assembly, finished and returned goods.
Trained other inspectors and temporary associates in ISO 9000 techniques and TQM methods.
Acted as a mediator for Smith's Industries and Boeing source inspectors during final contract conformance
audits.
Developed and implemented more efficient auditing procedures.

Resume

Mechanical Inspector
C. A. SPALDING  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 1995 to August 1995

C.A.  Spalding  is  major  parts  manufacturer/supplier  to  various  manufacturers  including  Martin  Marietta,
Lockheed, Boeing, the US Government, NASA and the military.

Responsible  for  first  piece  inspection  of  aircraft  components.  Proficient  in  commercial  and  military
documentation procedures.

Quality Control Inspector
DIVERSIFIED ELECTRONICS/VALLEY FORGE SCIENTIFIC  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 1994 to April
1995

An industry leader in the manufacturer of medical delivery systems and surgical equipment.
Responsible for the receiving, manufacturing and final assembly inspection. I supervised the construction and
reorganization of the stockroom and gained knowledge and inspection skills in GMP and FDA requirements.

Data Operations
THE FRANKLIN MINT  -  Media, PA - October 1993 to May 1994

Operated the mainframe computer system and managed all print room operations.

Quality Control In-Process Inspector
MARS ELECTRONICS  -  West Chester, PA - June 1985 to October 1993

I directed special projects, such as engineering modifications and new product implementations. I improved
procedures and methods of in-process inspections to efficiently capture defects.

EDUCATION

Bachelors in Organizational Management
EASTERN UNIVERSITY
December 2007

Business Management
DELAWARE COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Media, PA
September 1996

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: Air Force
Rank: E3
1978 to 1981
Electrical Power Production Specialist

Commendations:
Good Conduct

