Zee Hossain

System Engineer, Duke Energy, Robinson Nuclear Plant

Upper Darby, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Zee-Hossain/7e58653191c7d72b

I&C  Electrical  Engineering  Specialist  with  experience  in,  Duke  Energy  and  Worley  Parsons  I&C/Electrical
Nuclear Engineering Division. Gained Unescorted access to Robinson Nuclear Power Plant to work as an I&C
System Engineer. Experience in Worley Parsons Engineering, instrument evaluation involved with extended
power  uprate  (EPU),  schematics,  and  process  and  instrumentation  diagrams  (P&ID).Passport  software,
Access Data Base, ETAP, Cable sizing calculation, and Relay procedure to perform plant modification work.

WORK EXPERIENCE

System Engineer, Duke Energy, Robinson Nuclear Plant
Instrument and Controls  -  Hartsville, SC - 2013 to 2015

Robinson Nuclear Plant (RNP)-Hartsville, SC. Performed and gained unescorted access to Robinson nuclear
plant (RNP) as a system engineer. Performed work as an Electrical I&C System Engineer on different system
which are Loose Parts Monitoring (LPMS) system, Inadequate Core Cooling Monitoring (ICCM)/RVLIS system,
Annunciator System, and AMSAC systems. Worked on during R028 outage for testing and verifying A, B, C
battery system. Gained experience on nuclear procedure of Battery testing for A, B, and C train battery during
the outage of Robinson Power Plant (RNP).Familiarity, with the Passport, EDB software to perform work in
the Robinson Nuclear Power Plant.

(I&C) Electrical Engineering Specialist
Instrument and Controls  -  Reading, PA - 2012 to 2013

Florida Power Corporation (FPC) - Crystal River Unit 3. Identified each instruments of different systems located
into the power plant according to the existing WorleyParsons design base (DBD), engineering change (EC)
documents, instrument specification sheets, schematics and process and instrumentation diagrams (P&ID)
documents  for  instruments  evaluation  in  EPU  condition.  Collected,  organized,  documented,  and  updated
Access  database  and  Passport  software  that  form  the  basis  of  the  support  for  the  WorleyParsons  design
Engineering Team for EPU work.
Virgil  C.  (V.C)  Summer  Nuclear  Generating  Station,  South  Carolina-  Performed  cable  tray  fill  justification
calculation to do cable sizing and integration into the power plant. Consulted with senior engineer as a daily
basis to perform cable sizing and Ampacity calculation. Determined and verified the temperature of the cable
in the power plant environment to perform calculation.
Philadelphia Power and Light (PPL) Corporation, Allentown, PA- Performed Sudden Pressure Relay(SPR)
calibration calculation procedure according to the NEPM-QA-0221 nuclear procedure. Identified and marked
up the drawing to do Modification (Mod) work for that particular relay, created a new connection drawing, and
determined the color coding of the cable to connect the device to the plant.

Engineering Assistant (Co-Op)
Exelon Power  -  Kennett Square, PA - 2008 to 2008

Consulted  with  senior  engineers  to  perform  electrical  testing  of  motors  and  generators.  Collaborated  with
senior engineers in writing testing procedure relays and circuit breaker. Identified practical application behind
each testing theory. Calibrated and replaced electromechanical-based relays by utilizing relay coordination
study. Performed trip testing (relays and breaker) in 199-MW power plant. Completed safety training related
to power plant operation.

Network Associate
Comcast Corporation  -  West Chester, PA - 2007 to 2007

Engineering  and  Scientific  Assistant 
Transportation
Cable Division  -  King of Prussia, PA - 2006 to 2006

(Co-Op),  Pennsylvania  Department  of

Re-imaged  new  computers,  and  shipped  the  firewall  and  networking  equipment  in  the  address  provided
by  the  network  engineers.  Participated  and  contributed  to  the  day-to-day  support  of  the  Cable  Division
across many areas, which included WAN monitoring and management, maintenance escalation and restoral
processes,  technical  documentation,  and  change  management.  Possessed  the  administrative  expertise  to
collect, organize, document, and update the various tracking systems that form the basis of the support for
the Team.
2006  Engineering  and  Scientific  Assistant  (Co-Op),  Pennsylvania  Department  of  Transportation,  King  of
Prussia, Pennsylvania

Worked on construction site as a Field Inspector. Collaborated with team of three to inspect highway system
(i.e., guide rails, sign structure, and tree pruning).Recorded and summarized work completed by contractors
to submit for review.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Electrical Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
2011

SKILLS

Power/Utilities Sector (5 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Senior Design Project
• Designed and built a Portable Solar System
• Identified solar panels to compatible with the battery
• Developed test plans and procedures to test and verify the sealed lead acid (SLA) battery with different loads
according to the solar system size
• Identified each components and developed specifications for the system
• Researched solar energy and gained practical experience about solar power and production systems

