Adrianna Slade

Marketing Guru,Customer Service Representative,Personal Care Assistant,with ample
experience in each field.

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Adrianna-Slade/f800b6d6daa3d7db

I have over 15 years experience in my listed fields of work.I am looking to fulfill my drive and diligence with a
career that will allow me to advance to a managerial position.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Home Health Aide
Public Partnership LLC  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
Assisted elderly client with everyday tasks .Grooming, housekeeping, and cooking. Also accompanied client on
errands, and doctor appointments. Made sure medication was taken, and administered. Client had to relocate,
helped with client's transition.

Accomplishments
I helped my client maintain life as they knew it. I truly believe I made a huge impact by ensuring that my client's
needs were met in a timely fashion.

Skills Used
I executed customer service, as well as nursing, and clinical skills. I developed a stronger passion for the field.

Home Health Aide (HHA)
Jevs Support For Independence  -  Bala-Cynwyd, PA - March 2008 to December 2009

Responsibilities
Assisted  elderly  client  with  everyday  tasks  such  as  light  cooking,cleaning,laundry,and  administering
medication.Also took vital signs,as well as ran errands.

Skills Used
Interpersonable and social skills demonstrated.

Marketing Consultant
Wendover  -  Upper Darby, PA

Responsibilities
Called companies to asaist in relocation

Accomplishments
A strong impact received bonuses weekly

Skills Used
Data entry

EDUCATION

Diploma in Medical Administration
Lincoln Technical Institute - Philadelphia County, PA
2008 to 2008

Certificate in Environmental Services
Jewish Employment Vocational Services - Philadelphia, PA
2007 to 2007

Certificate in Customer Service/Job Rediness
Arbor Career Center - Philadelphia, PA
2001 to 2002

SKILLS

Inventory Management ,Environmental Service,Microsfot Word and Excel proficient (10+ years)

AWARDS

Student of The Module/Perfect Attendence
September 2008
Received several awards of excellence during my ten months in Lincoln Technical Institute .I exceeded the
expectations of my instructors. I was asked to assist the instructors in grading papers, and also received praise
for helping classmates. I finished with high honors, and a 3.67 GPA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Valid Pennsylvania drivers license

