Catharine Nesbitt Davis

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Catharine-Nesbitt-Davis/c05218b53e2fcfdd

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

City Carrier Assistant (CCA)
United States Postal Service  -  Camden, NJ - November 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
Deliver mail and parcels to different areas in the city.

Shift Supervisor
Allied Barton Security Services  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2011 to Present

Detected suspicious activities and watched for criminal acts and rule infractions. 

Wrote reports on property damage, theft, presence of unauthorized persons and unusual occurrences. 

Monitored and reported suspicious activities to local authorities. 

Secured all doors in the office and main building after hours. 

Denied entrance to the building to unauthorized persons.

Technician I
Comcast Cable  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2013 to August 2014

Responsibilities
Installation and Trouble Shooting of Cable and Internet services.

Sales Associate/Customer Service/Cashier
PepBoys  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2010 to December 2012

Greeted customers in a timely fashion while quickly determining their needs. 

Recommended merchandise to customers based on their needs and preferences. 

Maintained  knowledge  of  current  sales  and  promotions,  policies  regarding  payment  and  exchanges  and
security practices. 

Responded to customer questions and requests in a prompt and efficient manner. 

Contacted other store locations to determine merchandise availability. 

Engaged with customers in a sincere and friendly manner. 

Completed all cleaning, stocking and organizing tasks in assigned sales area. 

Prioritized helping customers over completing other routine tasks in the store. 

Built relationships with customers to increase likelihood of repeat business.

Baggage Handler
Primeflight Aviation Services  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2006 to February 2010

Load and unload luggage from belts.
Load luggage onto xray machines in a timely manner.

EDUCATION

BA in Accountant
Strayer University - Springfield, PA
2015 to 2019

High School Diploma in Academics
John Bartram High School - Philadelphia, PA
2000 to 2004

