Krystal Sadler

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Krystal-Sadler/013ba8b41e99f14e

To whom it may concern I am looking for employment that will provide me with upward mobility in my career
while I further my education in the dental field. I have completed the necessary coursework and volunteer
hours required to be a dental assistant and hope to be a prospective candidate for your dental office. Thank
you for your time.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Garde Manger/ Expo
Strangelove's  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
Handle the garde manger station on the days that the Executive Chef and Sous are out for the day. Expo
(keeping track of tickets and making sure the food from the line goes out in a timely fashion.

Accomplishments
I still currently work there and I help my co workers perform efficient work on the days that I'm there, this
position is part time.

Externship Dental Assistant/Volunteer Work
Discount Dental Lab  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2015 to December 2015

Responsibilities
Observe the Dental Lab Technician in his daily office routine, patient check in, labeling denture pick-ups, dental
equipment clean up and dental tool sanitation.

Chef de Partie/ Garde Manger
Coeur   -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2015 to December 2015

Responsibilities
Prep for Garde Manger station, introduce new desserts, efficient and clean work space at all times & sending
out beautiful plates.

Accomplishments
Always was willing to lend a helping hand. Teamwork is very important in the kitchen. Taught my fellow co
workers new techniques and learned from them as well. All in all a great experience.

Skills Used
Attention to detail, hard work and dedication.

Prep Cook/Line Cook
The Twisted Tail  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2015 to September 2015

Responsibilities
Prep for all stations in the kitchen and work the line during brunch and lunch services. Experience with working
the grill/fry, saute, garde manger and dessert stations.

Accomplishments

Advanced my knowledge in the culinary field and improved my technique while plating wonderful dishes.

Skills Used
Efficiency, accuracy, hard work and dedication.

Child Care Worker
Renay's Tiny Tots  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2013 to January 2015

Responsibilities
Go over daily learning curriculum with the children I monitor, lunch prep, field trips and supervising play time
and other activities.

Accomplishments
I love working with children and my children love me. I like being able to teach them new things that they will
be able to carry with them as they grow older.

Skills Used
Patience, kindness, love & attention.

Waitress
T.G.I. Friday's  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2011 to December 2011

Responsibilities
Handled my assigned section, made sure all my tables were clean, delivered food hot and on time, always
checked on my guests to make sure they had everything they needed. Excellent customer service.

Accomplishments
Hard working, always willing to lend a helping hand and make friends.

Skills Used
Great people skills and the ability to provide excellent customer service.

Secretary/Receptionist
Kaleidoscope Family Solutions Inc  -  Bryn Mawr, PA - March 2011 to May 2011

Responsibilities
Handled invoices, answered calls and took messages, data entry & filing paperwork.

Accomplishments
Accomplished all assigned tasks and maintained a professional appearance and work ethic.

Skills Used
Being on time everyday and always getting my work done.

EDUCATION

Dental Assistant
Harris School of Business - Philadelphia, PA
2015 to 2015

High School Diploma
West Philadelphia High School - Philadelphia, PA

2008 to 2009

SKILLS

Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Microsoft Office (6 years)

