Nathan Thompson

Assistant Manager - Footlocker Inc

Lansdale, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nathan-Thompson/35f23404d280aa8a

I am currently an Assistant Manager in Customer Service, looking to elevate my current work ability and apply
it to a new position. I am a very hardworking reliable individual with the strong ability to multitask and work
independently. I demonstrate the ability to provide exceptional support and service for a broad-range of staff
as well as clients. I believe that with all of the knowledge and work ethics I possess, I will be a great asset
to have on your team.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Manager
Footlocker Inc  -  Plymouth Meeting, PA - November 2013 to Present

Assistant Store Manager - Communication or cooperation between customers, training and order processing.
Processing credits / refunds when needed. Schedule and Manage employees. Perform daily task such as,
inventory,  Putting  stock  away  and  sending  emails.  Building  customer  loyalty  by  placing  follow  up  calls  for
customers who are reporting issues. Direct supervision of workflow. Assigning duties to fellow employees.

Part  time  sales  representative  -  Providing  accurate  and  appropriate  information  in  response  to  customer
inquiries. Addressing customer service inquires in a timely and accurate fashion. Cashiering

Cook
Wellington  -  West Chester, PA - September 2008 to November 2014

Cook- Clean food preparation areas, cooking surfaces, and utensils. Cook and package batches of food. Cook
the exact number of items ordered by each customer, working on several different orders simultaneously.
Server-  Prepares  the  tables,  laying  out  napkins  and  utensils,  making  sure  the  condiments  are  refilled,
performing  all  other  preparation  tasks.  Staying  updated  on  current  menu  choices,  specialties  and  menu
deviations, knowing if the kitchen staff is running out of any items. Handle the table bookings, direct customers
to their tables, presenting menus, suggesting dishes, assisting in drink selection, informing customers about
food  preparation  details,  communicating  specific  customer  needs  to  the  cooks.  Maintaining  proper  dining
experience,  delivering  items,  fulfilling  customer  needs,  offering  desserts  and  drinks,  removing  courses,
replenishing utensils, refilling glasses
Dishwasher- clean pans, pots, dishes, and other elements used in a kitchen or restaurant. They need to operate
the  dishwashing  machine  or  wash  dishes  by  hand,  and  maintain  the  entire  kitchen  clean.  These  workers
scrape, sort, and stack dirty dishes, load them into the dishwashing machine .Once the cleaning operation is
complete, and unload the dishes and put them in their places to be reused again.
Transferring equipment from storage areas to work stations.
Cleaning the floor and walls.

EDUCATION

Fair Hill Community High School - Philadelphia, PA
September 2005 to June 2007

SKILLS

Management (2 years), Cook (5 years)

