Rosita Feliciano

Sales Associate

Trenton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rosita-Feliciano/4967dd4f87f63eaf

17 years of experience in retail sales associated.
Highly motivated sales associate with customer service and sales experience.
Excelling at customer satisfaction and retention.
Flexible and hardworking in deadline-driven environments.
Friendly Sales Associate adept at working in diverse retail and customer service environments.
Energetic Sales Associate, friendly, creative and conservative.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sales Associate
Cohen's Fashion Optical  -  Lawrenceville, NJ - March 1997 to May 2014

Responsibility;
Greet customers with a smile when they walk in the store and giving them thanks for shopping in our store.
Keep store clean at all times and organize the store.
Fix and repair eyeglasses.
Take measurements of I wear frames.
Take measurements of by focal and take measurements of pupillary distance.
Explain difference in material lenses and bifocals.
Viewed eligibility on vision plan insurances.
Read clear laser logos on lenses.
Handling and resolving complaints
.Open and close register.
Trusted key holder.
Listen to customers with care, respect and concern.
Call customers when order is ready to be picked up.
Filing customers files.
Help selecting perfect size frames and colors.
Give customers 100% great service.

2} Work History;

Sales Associate
Caché  -  Lawrenceville, NJ - October 2008 to December 2008

Responsibility;
Greet customers when they walk in and give them thanks before leaving the store.
Make 3 to 5 goals for the day.
Help select perfect fit, color clothing and accessories.
Making orders for customers to have delivered to store, home or work.
Keep store clean at all times an organized.
Count Items before entering fitting room and report lost or stolen items.
Call customers for order pick-up.

3} Work History;

Lord and Talor
Quaker Bridge Mall
Lawrenceville NJ
08648
{609} 799 - 9500

Title;
Counter Manager and Sales Associate

Responsibility;
Skin care and make-up artist.
Greet customers with smile and thank them for shopping in our store.
Maintain return and exchange items and products with barcode numbers.
Handle and resolve comlaints with respect, care and concern.
Advice what products to use for different type skin tones and texture.
Maintain counter organize and clean at all times.
Call customers for upcoming events.
Maintain sale goals and records.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills;

Self-motivated
Highly competitive
Customer service
Very responsible
Great listener
filing customers files
Call customers
Answering phone calls
On time
Sales analysis
Self-motivated
Highly competitive
Customer service
Cleaning
Eye contact
Problems solving
Clients focus
Sales

1} Work History;

