Syniah Green

Fashion Jewelry & Watches Specialist - Nordstrom, Fine

Sicklerville, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Syniah-Green/9dd9b3514798cfe6

WORK EXPERIENCE

Fashion Jewelry & Watches Specialist
Nordstrom, Fine - July 2015 to Present

Providing excellent customer service to all customers shopping in-store, online, and over the phone.
Answering customer calls for store orders and sending out products in a timely manner.
Transferring products from store to store, online to customer and store to customer in a timely manner.
Responsible for recording and analyzing hourly department sales and returns.

Co-Store Manager
The Limited - September 2014 to May 2015

Responsible for all operational duties including floor supervision during peak segments, customer service,
marketing store credit cards and meeting credit goals.
Recruiting, hiring and training visual floor set associates and sales associates.
Handled all human resources paperwork for new hires including I-9 forms, tax forms, and providing employee
handbook information.
Utilizing  allocated  office  hours  for  administrative  weekly  reports  (monthly  sales,  credit  achievements,
merchandising/ replenishment opportunities), schedules and reference checks.
Identified store opportunities on a weekly basis including merchandising changes, sales and coordinating store
activities based on areas of opportunity.

Assistant Store Manager
Forever 21 - December 2013 to June 2014

Lead  a  group  of  25+  associates  in  store  duties  including  sales  associates,  stock  associates  and  visual
merchandisers in $6-8 million dollar volume store.
Helped lead in all store markdowns including apparel, accessories and footwear as well as store wide sales
on a weekly basis.
Partnered with Merchandising manager to re-merchandise store based off the needs of the business.
Utilized office hours for administrative work including human resources paperwork, weekly sales reports and
loss prevention reports.

Sales Associate
Michael Kors - November 2012 to September 2013

Worked closely with Assistant Manager in overnight visual floor-set displays during the first week of every
season.
Responsible for clientele book keeping and involved with invite-only store sales.
Met or exceeded daily sales goals on collection handbags, wallets and clothing.

EDUCATION

Bachelor's in Fashion Marketing
The Philadelphia Art Institute
March 2014

SKILLS

Microsoft Word (10+ years), Microsoft Excel (4 years), Microsoft Office Suite (4 years), Adobe Photoshop (4
years), Adobe Illustrator (4 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
Store  management,  Marketing,  Sales,  Merchandising,  Customer  service,  Recruitment,  Social  Networking,
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator

