Anna Shamilova

Staff Pharmacist - Brewerytown Rx Pharmacy

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anna-Shamilova/eb8c250c4104681d

To obtain position as a pharmacist
Willing to relocate to: Philadelphia, PA - Brooklyn, NY
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
Brewerytown Rx Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2014 to Present

Sep 2014-present
1. Reviews and approves/denies requests for prescription prior authorization
1. Oversees the activities of pharmacy technicians and customer service advocates
1.  Organizes  workload,  sets  priorities,  completes  assignments  in  a  timely  manner  and  utilizes  resources
appropriately while complying with state and federal pharmacy laws and regulations
1. Communicate directly with patients to assist them in the awareness of their medications
1. Billed Medicare Part B (DME) and Part D
1. Obtained Prior Authorization from doctors and insurances
1.

LTC Staff Pharmacist
Future Pharmacy  -  Brooklyn, NY - June 2014 to August 2014

1. Review of new orders input by technicians against the hard-copy prescriptions
1. Consulting with medical professionals on patient therapies and outcomes
1. Verify orders for appropriate dosage, reviewing reports on drug interactions and duplicate therapy
1. Assists the billing department to ensure all prescriptions are properly billed and charged
1. Performing various medication preparation, packaging and dispensing

Manager Pharmacist
Golden Pharmacy & Medical Supply Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2013 to 2014

1. Maintain proper inventory levels and accurate records of merchandise
1. Review pharmacy sales, expense and productivity figures
1. Monitored profit and loss
1. Fill prescriptions, quickly and accurately, balancing multiple duties at once
1. Counseled patients regarding adverse drug reactions and drug interactions
1. Communicated with Prescribers regarding appropriate dosing and 1. medication selection
1. Strict maintenance of established procedures and laws for maintaining security of 1. controlled substances,
and HIPPA protected information

Supervising Pharmacist
Bright Pharmacy  -  Brooklyn, NY - 2011 to 2013

Dispensed medications prescribed by physicians and other health practitioners
Provided information to patients about medications and their use
Demonstrated working knowledge of inventory control principles to establish/ensure appropriate cost effective
asset management

Demonstrated good judgment in the ability to organize and assist in directing workflow to maintain appropriate
service levels
Compounded and dispensed medications as prescribed by doctors and dentists, by calculating, weighing,
measuring, and mixing ingredients
Ordered merchandise from Kinray, RDC, HD Smith, Genetco, and Anda

Supervising Pharmacist
RedFern Drugs  -  Far Rockaway, NY - 2009 to 2011

1. Daily interactions and consultations with patients, doctors, and insurance companies
Interpreted prescriptions and billed third parties for reimbursement
1. Filled and dispensed prescriptions and over the counter medications
1. Ordered merchandise from Kinray, McKessin and Genetco

Pharmacist
Duane Reade Pharmacy  -  Brooklyn, NY - 2008 to 2009

2008-2009
1. Filled Doctor's orders
1. Communicated with physicians and residence to clarify and verify doctors' orders
1. Prepare IV medications/compounds for all patients in the hospital
1. Dispensed ward cassettes, prescriptions, and control substances
1. Educate nurses on new medications and their use
1. Checked medications prepared by technicians, enter oral and parenteral orders in database
1. Filled PIXIS machine
1. Updated Emergency boxes

1.

Pharmacist
Duane Reade Pharmacy  -  Brooklyn, NY - 2007 to 2009

1. Obtained new prescriptions and prescription refill information from customer
1. Filled prescriptions, solicits information on customer medical history, and provided drug information and
advice to customers
1. Interacted and communicated with health professionals to better serve customers
1. Communicated medical information to health care professionals and the public over the telephone under
crisis circumstances

EDUCATION

Doctor of Pharmacy
1. Long Island University - Brooklyn, NY
2001

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills:

Strong  interpersonal  and  communication  skills  and  the  ability  to  work  effectively  with  a  wide  range  of
constituencies in a diverse community Fluent in English and Russian

Working knowledge of MicroMerchant, Datascan, Opus, Prime Rx, QS1, RxKeyCentrix computer software
systems

