Ashley Allizzo

Camden, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashley-Allizzo/76b976f5f60fab5a

WORK EXPERIENCE

Mixing Pharmacist
Asthma Allergy and Pulmonary Associates  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
Mix and dilute allergen serums according to patient specific formula for use in allergy immunotherapy.

Per diem Staff Pharmacist
Jennersville Regional Hospital  -  West Grove, PA - March 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
Responsible for medication order entry while ensuring accuracy and appropriateness of therapy and dosing
used. Vancomycin dosing and monitoring. Sterile compounding of intravenous medications.

Verification Pharmacist
CuraScript  -  New Castle, DE - June 2014 to February 2015

Responsibilities
Verification  of  prescriptions  for  accuracy  and  appropriateness.  Specialty  mail  order  pharmacy  handling
rheumatologic, chemotherapy, biologic, immunosuppressant, and endocrine medications.

Pharmacy Manager
Compounding Rx Apothecary  -  Malvern, PA - October 2013 to June 2014

Responsibilities
Sterile  compounding  of  intravenous,  ophthalmic,  intranasal,  and  intramuscular  dosage  forms.  Non  sterile
compounding  of  topical  and  oral  dosage  forms.  Maintenance  of  certified  797  clean  room.  Maintenance  of
pharmacy inventory. Maintenance of formula library. Creation of new formulas. Development of physician/
client relations.

Overnight pharmacist
CVS  -  East Windsor, NJ - July 2013 to October 2013

Responsibilities
Filling of walk in and automated refill prescriptions. Patient counseling on prescription and over the counter
medications. Refer to physician whenever appropriate. Maintenance of automated dispensing robot.

Clinical Pharmacist
Bayhealth Medical Center  -  Milford, DE - August 2012 to July 2013

Responsibilities
Responsible for medication order entry while ensuring accuracy and appropriateness of therapy and dosing
used.  Vancomycin  dosing  and  monitoring.  Warfarin  dosing  and  monitoring.  TPN  dosing  and  monitoring.
Chemotherapy order entry. Oversight of technician intravenous and chemotherapy compounding.

EDUCATION

PharmD in Pharmacy
University of the Sciences/Philadelphia College of Pharmacy - Philadelphia, PA

2006 to 2012

