Betsy Daniel

Pharm. D.

Chadds Ford, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Betsy-Daniel/55fee20a8726a52b

Pharmacist seeking to utilize knowledge, professional skills, and experience in providing accurate drug and
medical information to patients and healthcare professionals using extraordinary interpersonal skills with the
goal of building strong patient therapeutic alliances. Highly motivated to use my experience to further expand
the education and well being of patients within an environment that promotes teamwork and success.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
King Kullen Pharmacy, Patchogue  -  Bethpage, NY - June 2009 to May 2015

Counsel  patients  in  proper  drug  administration,  maintaining  medication  compliance  and  to  notify  Health
Provider and/or Pharmacist for any potential patient endorsed side effects.
* Consult physicians and other healthcare professionals pertaining to particular drug's efficacy, potential side
effects, dosage, and appropriate therapy
* Verification, identification of potential drug-drug interactions, dispense, and compound medications
* Maintain regular inventory of controlled and non-controlled substances.
* Blood pressure screenings

* Provided MTM pharmacy services
1. Through programs such as Mirixa and Outcomes, was able to provide medication therapy management
(MTM) to patients and consult with their physicians for drug and disease management.
2.  Reviewed  medications,  their  proper  usage,  side  effect  profiles,  adherence,  and  constructed  care  plans
crafted to each patient's individual needs.
3. Worked alongside physicians to build a strong therapeutic alliance and address all patient concerns in the
management of their healthcare.
* Immunization Administration
1. Providing routine immunizations to patients with both flu and shingles vaccine.
2. Educating patients on the importance of routine vaccination compliance along with prevention in high risk
patients with comorbid conditions.
* Creator and Founder of Diabetes Club
1. Aims to both educate and support diabetic patients and their families.
2. Patients were provided with monthly pamphlets including information on prevention, disease management,
healthy recipes, and drug savings/coupons for patients in need of financial assistance.
3. Patients also received drug information on diabetic medications with an emphasis of outlining steps for the
treatment and prevention of acute diabetic emergencies.

Pharmacist - Entry Level
Walgreens Pharmacy  -  Hempstead, NY - February 2009 to June 2009

Counsel patients in proper drug administration and identifying medications side effects.
* Provide patient education, support and resolve insurance obstacles.
* Consult physicians and other healthcare professionals regarding drug efficacy, potential side effects, dosage,
and appropriate therapy.
* Verification, identify potential drug-drug interactions, dispense, and compound medications

* Maintain regular inventory of controlled and non-controlled substances

Pharmacy and Graduate Intern
Walgreens Pharmacy  -  Hempstead, NY - March 2006 to February 2009

Counsel patients under Pharmacist's supervision in drug administration and medication side effects.
* Assist Pharmacist in filling and processing prescriptions using Intercom Plus computer system.
* Learned to communicate with physicians and fill prescriptions via telephone, handle difficult phone inquiries
from patients, provide necessary customer support and resolve insurance obstacles.

Pharmacy and Graduate Intern
Walgreens Pharmacy  -  East Meadow, NY - January 2007 to May 2008

Worked  alongside  Pharmacist  in  filling  prescriptions  through  IV  preparations,  medication  carts,  computing
order entries and medication reconciliations.
* Observed and assisted Pharmacy Director in quality assurance data and reviewing physician orders.

Preceptor  -  Plainview, NY - November 2007 to December 2007

Preceptor  -  Rockville, NY - October 2007 to November 2007

Elective: Long Term Care Pharmacy

Preceptor  -  New Hyde Park, NY - September 2007 to October 2007

Elective: Fertility

Preceptor  -  Oceanside, NY - June 2007 to July 2007

Drug Information

Preceptor  -  Whitestone, NY - May 2007 to June 2007

Inpatient Clerkship I/II

Preceptor  -  Mineola, NY - April 2007 to May 2007

Ambulatory Care Clerkship

Preceptor  -  New Hyde Park, NY - March 2007 to April 2007

Elective: Poison and Drug Information

Inpatient Externship
Preceptor  -  Franklin Square, NY - February 2007 to March 2007

Ambulatory Externship
Preceptor  -  Mineola, NY - January 2007 to February 2007

Pharmacy Intern
CVS Pharmacy  -  Hewlett, NY - June 2004 to March 2006

Counsel patients under Pharmacist's supervision in drug administration and medications side effects.
* Assisted Pharmacist in handling physician calls/filling telephone prescriptions

CLERKSHIP EXPERIENCES
Inpatient Clerkship I/II

EDUCATION

Doctor of Pharmacy in Pharmacy and Health Sciences
St. John's University - Jamaica, NY
September 2002 to May 2008

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

COMPUTER SKILLS

Microsoft Office
Microsoft Windows XP
Micromedex
Ovid
Lexicomp
QS1 System
Intercom Plus

