Claire R

pharmacist

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Claire-R/c0d17a2bb47c4dc6

WORK EXPERIENCE

pharmacist
PharmPro Inc  -  Brookhaven, PA - February 2009 to February 2009

Present
Provided emergency and routine pharmacist coverage for three community hospitals.
Outpatient pharmacist for large medical center utilizing HBS.
Experience with Siemens, Pyxis Connect, Pyxis Rx Profile, C2Safe, AS400.

pharmacist
General Healthcare Resources  -  Plymouth Meeting, PA - August 2008 to August 2008

Present
Complied with state and federal drug laws as regulated by the state board of pharmacy, the drug enforcement
administration, and the food and drug administration by maintaining
records  for  controlled  substances;  removing  outdated  and  damaged  drugs  from  the  pharmacy  inventory;
supervising the work results of support personnel.

Provided accurate prescription filling and checking for a 500+ prescriptions per day
outpatient pharmacy utilizing QS1.
Transferred prescriptions to other pharmacies upon request.
Compounded adult and pediatric prescriptions.
Consulted patients on medication use, drug-drug interactions, food-drug interactions.
Maintained accurate narcotic records according to state law.

Pennsylvania Pharmacy Practice Act, Federal Drug Laws and Joint Commission - August 2008 to August
2008

August  2008  Provided  clinical  support  and  distribution  sevices  in  coordination  with  physican  and  nursing
sevices in delivering quality and cost effective drug therapy to patients.
Interpreted and evaluated medication orders to prepare, calculate, and dispense
appropriate medication dosage forms for inpatient and outpatient therapy in accordance with Pennsylvania
Pharmacy Practice Act, Federal Drug Laws and Joint Commission on
Accreditation of Healtcare Organizations.
Sustained the hospital formulary by minimizing nonformulary procurements, utilizing
therapeutic interchange protocols, and promoting rational drug therapy selection.
Formulated and compounded adult and neonatal total parenteral nutrition solutions.
Participated extensively in pediatric vaccine program.
Implemented unit dose syringe program (IV and PO) for neonates and pediatric population.
Prepared and dosed parenteral sterile products particularly expensive biologics, antibiotics for Emergency
Room and Labor and Delivery.
Completed all competence/skills assessment requirements as appropiate for pharmacists.
Routinely targeted drugs and screened patients for intravenous to oral conversion.

Clinical Staff Pharmacist

Albert Einstein Medical Center  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2000 to January 2000

Lead pharmacist for implementing
- May 1999 to May 1999

Pyxis throughout the hospital.
Drug Utilization Review, Interpretation of lab data, clinical interventions.
Chemotherapy compounding and monitoring.
Wrote and updated departmental policies on a routine basis.
Participated in numerous drug studies.
Spearheaded Excelsior syringe system into hospital.

Clinical Intravenous Pharmacist
Tenet City Avenue Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 1981 to April 1981

EDUCATION

B.S in Pharmacy Pharmacy
Univ. of the Sciences in Philadekphia - Philadelphia, PA
1978

Clinical Pharmacy
Univ. of the Sciences in Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Self-motivated clinical pharmacist with strong computer skills. Performs duties
without supervision and takes lead role when necessary.

EXPERTISE AND ACHIEVEMENTS:

Extensive intravenous compounding experience to patients in all age groups.
Knowledgeable with solubility, incompatibility, stability of sterile products.
Employer certified in sterile aseptic technique, hazardous waste disposal.
Extensive Emergency Room, Labor and Delivery pharmaceutical dispensing.
Experienced in drug utilization review, product verificaion, packaging, labeling, coumpounding
of drugs.
Proficient in Microsoft Office, Powerpoint.

KEYWORD SUMMARY:

Vast experience with drug information systems providing service to patients and health
care professionals.

