Dale Wilson

Adjunct Professor at University of the Sciences in Philadelphia

Lansdale, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dale-Wilson/1f74c261bd8dde97

PharmD with more than 15 years' experience in retail, clinical, and hospital settings, plus home infusion and
mail  order.  Interface  regularly  with  manufacturers  and  wholesalers  to  ensure  well-being  of  patients.  Major
areas of expertise include:

* Pharmacy rules and regulations * Employee recruiting and training
* Drug recalls * Introduction of new products
* Schedule II procedures and protocols * Emergency procedures
* Patient compliance programs * Public presentations

Registered Pharmacist in Commonwealth of Pennsylvania

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist
Neff Pharmacy Management  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2008 to Present

* Fill and review prescriptions for accuracy of medication, strength, frequency, and directions.
* Maintain current and proper inventory levels including removing outdated merchandise, preparing returns,
receiving, and stocking.

Pharmacist
PharmPro Management Association  -  Plymouth Meeting, PA - 2004 to 2007

* Coordinated delivery to nurses and/or patients for time sensitive medication administration.
* Calculated, mixed and checked weekly medication delivery of antibiotics, chemotherapy, TPN and biologicals
for patients.
*  Prepared  and/or  sterilized  medication  forms;  distributed,  controlled,  inspected,  stored,  labeled  and
maintained records.

Pharmacist
General Healthcare Resources  -  Plymouth Meeting, PA - 2002 to 2007

* Fulfilled various assignments at Neighbor Care Pharmacy and City of Philadelphia Health Care Centers.
* Communicated with patients, physicians, insurance companies, Medicare, and Medicaid to ensure proper
drug therapy for each patient.

Pharmacist
PharmPro Management Association  -  Brookhaven, PA - 1999 to 2007

* Dispensed up to approximately 1200-1500 prescriptions per week at various pharmacies as assigned.

EDUCATION

University of the Sciences in Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA
2002 to 2007

Bachelor of Science

Philadelphia College of Pharmacy and Science - Philadelphia, PA
1988 to 1993

