Ginette Laguerre

Pharmacist Now - Atlantic Health Care

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ginette-Laguerre/46d95cfaeba91b32

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist Now
Atlantic Health Care  -  Livingston, NJ - February 2012 to Present

Pharmacy Technician
• Maintained outpatient service after final check before leaving the pharmacy; Provides assistance with the
order entry preparation and distribution of the drugs; delivered medication and supplies to patient care.

Flemington Hospital, General Health Care Services - June 2013 to November 2013

Filled patient medications responsible for the satellite order entry and Unit doses.

Pharmacy Technician
Kindred Hospital  -  Dover, NJ - May 2004 to August 2009

Filled  accurately  and  delivered  patient  bins;  filled  Physician  orders  and  floor  stock  under  the  supervision
of  a  licensed  pharmacist.  Prepared  and  compounded  IV  medications;  mixed  and  prepared  chemotherapy
medications in a sterile environment; loaded and compiled inventory of PYXIS and batched Unit doses.

Pharmacy Technician
Morristown Memorial Hospital  -  Morristown, NJ - October 1999 to September 2007

Filled patient medication carts; Performed medication storage review under the supervision of a pharmacist;
Prepared complex solutions, such as Intravenous, cardioplegia, TPN's and Chemo medication; Responsible
for the satellite order entry and Unit doses distribution; batching Unit dose and premixed intravenous drugs
and answering phone calls.

Pharmacy Technician
Golden Care Pharmacy & Sun Care  -  Hanover, NJ - March 2001 to January 2004

Responsible for the ordering and distribution of patient medications; Prepared patient's IV;
Prepared TPN. Maintained appropriate inventory of drugs supplies and a system control to ensure the integrity
of the purchases.

St. Barnabas Hospital  -  Livingston, NJ - June 1998 to October 1999

Answered patient's call bell and took patient's TPR; Nursed Patients; Filled medicine cart; Prepared patients
IV and batched Unit doses.

EDUCATION

Delaware County Community College
2014

Vocational in Pharmacy Technician Program
Morris County Community College
1998 to 2010

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Qualifications
Over 14 years of Hospital and Home Infusion experience, utilizing my skills as an IV and
Chemotherapy  Medications  Technician.  My  skills  are  not  limited  to  compounding  and  also  to  unit  dose
distribution and knowledge of such inventory apparatus to PYXIS.

