Heba Ismaeil

Marlton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Heba-Ismaeil/241903dc51968764

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
Kennedy Memorial Hospital  -  Washington Township, NJ - 2011 to Present

Per Diem Pharmacist
Kennedy Memorial Hospital  -  Willingboro, NJ - 2011 to Present

Supports patient care by preparing medications and communicating information regarding proper medication
use to patients and caregivers. Prepares medication for patients. Provides counseling for patients in regards
to drug therapy, nutritional supplements, drug interactions, and side effects.
• Maintains a safe and clean workspace, ensuring compliance with state and federal regulations.
• Facilitates positive patient relationships through counseling and education on medications.
• Successfully applies medical and pharmaceutical knowledge to interpret physicians' orders, verify medication,
and detect any potential issues with underlying medical conditions.

Per Diem Pharmacy Technician / Full Time Pharmacy Intern
Kennedy Memorial Hospital  -  Stratford, NJ - 2009 to 2010

Assisted pharmacists in monitoring and maintaining pharmacy inventory. Organized medications, filled orders
and filed prescriptions. Delivered medication to pharmacists and doctors.
• Developed a working knowledge of the Siemen's System to validate physician's orders and the Computerized
Physician Order Entry (CPOE) database.
• Conducted medical rounds with various departments and applied appropriate processes and procedures
based on department protocols.

Hospital Pharmacist
Asyut University Hospital - 2006 to 2008

Processed,  filled,  and  consulted  on  prescriptions  for  patients.  Adhered  to  hospital  policies  of  safety  and
communication.  Monitored  and  organized  pharmacy  inventory.  Collaborated  with  doctors  to  determine
effective solutions for patients.
• Contributed to pharmacy efficiency by directing the workflow of orders and coaching technicians and interns
on procedures.
• Provided high quality customer service to patients and doctors through timely communications, organization,
and successful follow through of issues.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy
Asyut University
2006

Doctor of Pharmacy
University of Florida

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

KEY STRENGTHS

Patient  Relationships  ●  Time  Management  ●  Customer  Service  ●  Medical  Knowledge  ●  Doctor
Communication
Federal  &  State  Regulations ●  Inventory  Management ●  ICU  Procedures ●  Adverse  Drug  Reactions ●
Antibiotics
Software Systems: Siemens, Pyxis, Accudose, Omnicell

