Hiren Patel

Pharmacist - Philidor Rx Services

Trevose, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Hiren-Patel/76668ce87eba2703

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist
Philidor Rx Services - June 2015 to Present

Verify Prescription for safety and accuracy before being shipped out to patients Perform verbal consultations
over the phone to patients in regards to their medication (interactions, SE, usage, and any other concerns)
◦ 1 of the top verifiers able to work at a very fast pace ensuring safety, efficiency and accuracy given the high
volume requirement of the pharmacy (>10,000 rxs per day)
◦ Able to multi-task between different areas of operations based on need

Associate Director
Brand Management - November 2014 to June 2015

Clients involve Pharmaceutical, Biotech, Medical Device, and consumer companies.
◦ Provide pertinent medical information to the internal team on the given medication, disease state, or labelling
requirements.
◦ Give presentation to the clients as it pertains to their product, project, and safety medical information utilizing
PubMed, FDA website, clinical trials, and other health related resources. Evaluate pertinent published medical
literature as it relates to our client and their product.
◦ Efficiently manage multiple projects involving safety, brand, non-prop, visual identity, and market research
initiatives.
◦  Knowledge  of  FDA,  USAN,  INN,  EU,  Japan,  and  Health  Canada  guidelines  for  Brand  and  Non-Prop
nomenclature creation, Trademark Research, Market and Safety Research, Drug Safety, Linguistics Research,
and POCA/FMEA Analysis.
◦ Assist clients with USAN/INN submission with proper procedure/documents and follow up accordingly with
agencies till name approval.
◦ Conduct presentations, pitches, and conference calls to acquire new projects and conduct workshops for
current projects.
◦ Interact closely with C-level executives from commercial, marketing, regulatory, and global operations teams
to ensure multiple project deliverables are met to the highest standards and within time frames.

Pharmacy Manager
Walgreens Pharmacy - October 2010 to November 2014

Started working as an intern 10/2006, floater pharmacist after graduation 06/2010 and promoted directly to
pharmacy manager 10/2010
◦ Directly responsibility for all the pharmacy operations and staff (2 staff pharmacists, 5 technicians and 1
intern).
◦  Provide  patient  care  using  evidence-based  guidelines  and  insurance  formularies  in  coordination  with
physicians/health care professionals.
◦ Communicate with physicians, nurses, and other pharmacists as it relates to medical information safety of
the patients.

◦ Ensure patient safety performing drug utilization reviews and consultations for prescriptions/ over-the-counter
medications to prevent drug-drug/health interactions.
◦  Provided  presentation  on  medical  information  and  consultation  to  physicians  and  patients  on  given
therapeutic disease/medication as part of health fairs.
◦ Responsible for training and mentorship for my technicians and intern. Conduct yearly performance reviews
for all my staff, training new staff/interns and hire based on need.
◦ Experience with immunization services, new to therapy consultation calls, travel health services/vaccination,
health tests/consultations, and perform clinical MTM reviews (mirixa/outcomes) for eligible patients.
◦ Responsible for meeting corporate set goals, maintaining inventory, and monitoring that rules/guidelines are
being followed as set by the pharmacy board.

References are available upon request

EDUCATION

Doctor of Pharmacy in Pharmacy
Temple University School of Pharmacy
2010

B.S. in Biochemistry
Louisiana State University in Shreveport
2005

SKILLS

Immunizations (4 years), Inventory Management (5 years), Budget Management (4 years), Communication
(5 years), Project Management (Less than 1 year), Customer Service (5 years)

CERTIFICATIONS

Pharmacist
September 2016

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

➢  Highly  motivated  PA  &  FL  Licensed  Pharmacist  with  capabilities  and  skills  to  produce  professional,
quality focused results in the field of pharmacy, pharmaceuticals, and project management. I have extensive
experience  providing  medical  safety  information  to  patients,  KOL,  physicians,  and  corporate  executives.
Possess  the  ability  to  work  well  with  others  and  under  pressure,  able  to  meet  tight  deadlines  and  have
sound knowledge of medical terminology, clinical pharmacology, medication therapy management, medical
information,  and  communication  skills.  I  have  the  capability  to  quickly  learn,  utilize  new  skills  and  a  self-
starter,  exhibiting  high  work  ethic,  dedication,  leadership,  integrity  and  competence.  Personable  problem-
solver, able to meet challenges, work independently or collaborate with a team to provide solutions in a timely
manner. I have extensive experience working with KOL's, patients, and C-level executives as it pertains to
communicating important medical information. I have exceptional written and verbal communication, problem
resolution, interpersonal, organizational and time management skills. I hope to utilize this 10+ experience,
knowledge, and skills set to obtain a position where I can further develop myself and the company.

