Hongjia Luo

Senior Engineer and Licensed Pharmacist

Cherry Hill, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Hongjia-Luo/02974660914224df

To enter professional, career-oriented setting in which my eighteen years of work experience and technical
skills in pharmaceutical industry in china will be fully utilized in U.S.A.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Engineer and Licensed Pharmacist
Jiangxi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd - August 2005 to August 2006

- Nanchang, Jiangxi Province, China
Senior Engineer and Licensed Pharmacist (worked in General Manager Office, Full-time)
September 2006 - June 2010
Managed  successfully  corporate  confidential  archives  and  sensitive  information,  and  filed  and  retrieved
corporate  documents,  records  and  reports,  and  positively  interacted  with  all  levels  of  employees  and
departments in the company.
Opened, sorted, and distributed incoming English correspondence including faxes and e-mails, and translated
it into Chinese for the corporation.
Supported the R&D department with translating technical documents such as insert-sheet, specification which
required for both corporate custom and new product launches into English.
Presented English posters or scientific presentations on new product in international conferences such as
CPHI China Exhibition at Shanghai once a year from 2007 to 2009 and The World Exhibition in 2010.

Senior Engineer
Research & Development Department - October 1996 to August 2006

Worked closely with project teams to perform pilot and testing lab work by using routine analytical method.
Assisted with other scientists searching and identifying USPTO, EPO of patents related to corporate product
line  to  attain  relevant  competitive  information  and  translated  the  English  patents  such  as  preparation  of
microbial fermentation of antibiotics patent into Chinese, enable in-house research lead to better new product
design.
Assisted with the preparation and filing of patent applications for the supported new product.
Assisted  with  project  teams  translating  the  quality  standards  of  products  which  collected  in  USP  (U.S.
Pharmacopoeia),  EP  (European  Pharmacopoeia),  BP  (British  Pharmacopoeia)  into  Chinese,  improved  in-
house standards of the same products and attained better technical parameter and performance.
Engineer and Technician (worked in antibiotic production workshop laboratory)
July 1992 - September 1996
Used sterile technique, sampling, preparation of agar plates and broth to detect antibiotic producing strains
at various stages of fermentation medium growth conditions, check whether there was contamination of the
fermentation broth and periodic testing cleanliness of sterile production environment and personal hygiene of
production operators in sterile antibiotic powder production section through sterile technique.
Analysis of antibiotic intermediates which produced in the fermentation process of API (active pharmaceutical
ingredient) as per SOP and pharmacopoeia of PRC, using biochemistry method.

Yoga and Dance Teacher
Huaxia Chinese School Cherry Hill Branch - March 2003 to March 2003

Attended the high level of training program on the intellectual property protection and patents of medicine at
Beijing and received certificate in intellectual property. March 2003
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Huaxia Chinese School Cherry Hill Branch February, 2010-Present
Yoga and Dance Teacher (Part-time, Just work on every Saturday)
Marykay Inco. China Branch
Beauty advisor (part-time) September, 2006 -Ocotober, 2008
Amway Inco. China Branch

EDUCATION

Bachelor in Biology
UNIVERSITY OF JIANGXI
July 1992

SKILLS

microbiology technician, cosmetica and skincare sales, education,etc,

