Jonathan Finch

Staff Pharmacist

Melrose Park, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jonathan-Finch/aec5f74f5c1e4538

• Proven leadership and management across different departments to achieve a singular goal. • Diligent work
ethic that espouses thorough project genesis, management, and completion. • Strong analytical, organizational
and problem solving skills promoting positive situational change. • Comprehensive application of business
principles in which the nexus of efficiency and accuracy benefits profitability. • Productive collaboration with
other health care professionals to plan, monitor, and review patient care. • Personal traits: honesty, integrity,
dependable, a believer in the golden rule.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
Innoviant Pharmacy  -  Huntingdon Valley, PA - August 2009 to November 2010

Prescription Verification
Reviewed prescriptions for accuracy according to JACHO protocols
Clarification of drug utilization specific to third party and state guidelines.
• Averaged 60 prescriptions per hour

Pharmacist/Pharmacy Manager
Brown's Shop Rite  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2008 to January 2009

Monitored opening of store, served as interim pharmacy manager
Responsible for ordering pharmaceutical supplies enforcing strict inventory management
Maintained pharmacy files, inventory receipts and records for narcotics and controlled substances

• Initial sales average increased to 80 per day with single pharmacist in 3-month span.

Staff Pharmacist
Omnicare  -  Quakertown, PA - March 2005 to December 2007

Evaluated physicians orders for accuracy for stage PV1
Provided additional cross check for preshipped products for stage PV2
Prepared IV admixtures for overnight delivery

• Combined verifications for both stages averaged 350 units daily

Pharmacist
Rite Aid Corporation  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 1995 to January 2005

Opened and closed store operation, transferred materials to other stores
Learned to perform routine and emergency maintenance on pharmacy automation
preserving store workflow.

• Average store volume is 200 prescriptions daily

Pharmacist
Kmart Corporation  -  Willow Grove, PA - August 1992 to August 1995

Counseled patients regarding drug interactions and side effects

Maintained pharmacy files and inventory records
Dispensed and compounded specialty medications

Pharmacist
Prescription Delivery Systems  -  Hatboro, PA - March 1991 to July 1992

Analyzed prescriptions and physician orders for appropriate dosing
Reviewed completed orders for completeness and accuracy
Assisted pharmacy technicians on floor duties
Mentored and trained pharmacy student via preceptorship

Pharmacist
People's Drug/Rite Aid Corporation - August 1986 to March 1991

Dispensed prescriptions, compounded suppositories, creams, and ointments
Counseled and educated patients regarding drug storage, interactions and side effects
Maintained prescription register and narcotic/poison ledgers according to state laws.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science Pharmacy Temple University - Philadelphia, PA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Key Competencies

✓ Accurate dispensing Basic IV Admixtures Patient Counseling

✓ Third Party Adjudication Inventory Control Drug Utilization Review

✓ Preceptorship/Mentoring Technician Management Legal Compliance

Core Competencies

Passion for Compassionate Customer Care:
• Instill a philosophy of immediate response in anticipation to patients concerns and needs.
• Value each individual customer, exceeding expectations and paying diligent attention to details.
• Cultivating positive patient relationships as an ambassador to the profession.
• Creating an environment where customers are ecstatic with service fostering satisfaction.

Computer Skills

• Microsoft Windows, Word, Outlook, and Excel
• References available on request

