Judith Klevan

Pharmacist - Albert Einstein Medical Center

Langhorne, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Judith-Klevan/ad38277da9384709

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist
Albert Einstein Medical Center - December 2012 to Present

Resposibilities include: Monitoring medications profiled and dispensed for appropriateness,
interactions, contraindications and other clinical issues. Communicating with physicians,
nurses and other clinical staff in order to improve and provide care. Performing and documentation of clinical
interventions of problematic orders. Extemporaneous IV
admixture, Supervision of technicians as well as other pharmacy duties.

Pharmacist
Jeanes Hospital - February 2007 to April 2014

Responsibilities include: Monitoring dosages of medications dispensed to adult/geriatric
patient populations. Collaborating with clinical hospital staff in order to improve patient
safety and outcomes. Performing renal dosing adjustments, as well as dosing protocols for various antibiotics,
warfarin, heparin and darbepoetin.Performing medication
reconciliations, providing warfarin counseling. Making total parenteral nutrion
consultations and recommendations for therapy to improve patient care and outcomes.
Monitoring patients profiles for contraindications and interactions and documentation of clinical interventions.
Performing pyxis functions as well as overseeing and teaching
pharmacy  technicians  and  pharmacy  technician  students,  training  new  pharmacists  and  various  other
pharmacy duties.

Pharmacist
Jeanes Hospital - December 2007 to July 2012

Resposibilities  include:  Monitoring  medications  profiled  and  dispensed.  Communicating  with  physicians,
nurses and other clinical staff in order to improve and provide care.
Performing reviews of contrast dye orders prior to dispensing in order to comply with Joint
Commission safety initiatives. Reviewing hyperalimentation orders for adults and neonates. Maintaining and
monitoring patient medication profiles.

Pharmacist
St. Christopher's Hospital for Children - July 2003 to February 2009

Responsibilities include: Monitoring dosages of medications dispensed to neonatal,
pediatric and adolescent patients. Communications with and providing information to clinical hospital staff in
order to improve patient care. Maintaining and monitoring
patient  medication  profiles.  Performing  and  documentation  of  clinical  interventions  of  problematic  orders.
Extemporaneous IV admixture, including pediatric and neonatal
hyperalimentation.  Training  new  pharmacists  and  technicians;  Supervision  of  technicians  as  well  as  other
pharmacy duties.

Pharmacist
St. Christopher's Hospital for Children - March 2006 to September 2006

Responsibilities include: inpatient dispensing of medications, maintaining and monitoring
computerized patient medication profiles; maintaining records of clinical pharmacy
interventions with problematic orders; helping developing and implementing procedures for and performing
pharmacy reconciliations of patient home medication upon admission and
discharge; communicating with other health care providers, extemporaneous IV admixture,
supervision of technicians, rotating Pharm.D. candidates and certified pharmacy technician
program students as well as other pharmacy duties.

Pharmacist
St. Mary's Medical Center - March 2000 to June 2003

Responsibilities include: inpatient dispensing of medications in centralized pharmacy,
maintaining and monitoring computerized patient medication profiles, performing
maintaining records of clinical pharmacy interventions with problematic orders; providing
information to and communicating with other health care providers, extemporaneous IV
admixture, supervision of technicians as well as other pharmacy duties.

Pharmacist
Allegheny University - May 1998 to October 1998

Responsibilities include: inpatient dispensing of medication in centralized
Pharmacy; extemporaneous IV admixture, including adult and neonatal TPN;
maintaining  and  monitoring  patient  medication  profiles;  providing  information  to  and  communicating  with
physicians and other healthcare professionals; other duties include
supervision of technicians, cart exchange, maintaining pharmacy and PYXIS inventory as well as performance
and maintaining records of clinical pharmacy interventions.

Director of Pharmacy
Kirkbride Center & Charter Fairmount Institute - April 1997 to November 1997

Responsibilities include: Overseeing daily operations of dispensing, drug distribution and inventory control;
maintaining and monitoring patient medication profiles; overall
supervision, hiring and training of pharmacy staff; providing information to and coordinating with nurses and
doctors; performance of nursing station inspections,
DUE'S and developing QI plans; participation in Pharmacy and Therapeutics committee
meetings; developing and providing after hour services; maintaining pharmacy inventory;
maintaining  narcotic  inventory  and  usage  records;  performance  and  maintenance  of  clinical  pharmacy
interventions.

Staff Pharmacist
Rite Aid Pharmacy - August 1994 to April 1997

Responsibilities include: Communicating with physicians, nurses, patients and insurance
companies;  maintaining  and  monitoring  patient  medication  profiles;  dispensing  and  compounding
prescriptions; inventory control, training pharmacy technicians.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science
Temple University - Philadelphia, PA
May 1994

Bachelor of Arts

Temple University - Philadelphia, PA
January 1991

CERTIFICATIONS

Pharmacist, Pa
September 2014 to September 2016

Pharmacist, Nj
April 2015 to April 2017

