Karen Cawley Magosin

RPh

Collegeville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Karen-Cawley-Magosin/b116a5bd7db1ed0d

Healthcare  Professional  with  meaningful  experience  in  both  clinical  and  retail  pharmacy  environments.
Critical  thinker  who  utilizes  data  and  practical  knowledge  to  develop  informed  decisions  and  solutions
through evaluation of alternatives and assessment of consequences. Recognizes importance of accuracy,
responsiveness,  and  accountability  in  patient  care  and  education.  Mitigates  risk  through  patient  drug
management  strategies;  including  monitoring  patients  for  safe  use  conditions  and  providing  clear  labeling
(including warnings) and package/product information. Engages with colleagues and patients to insure clarity
on use and treatment plans. Seeking a position with broader management and organizational responsibilities
within the healthcare, clinical, or pharmaceutical sectors.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
Express Scripts  -  Langhorne, PA - 2006 to 2011

Express Scripts is a leading healthcare company serving tens of millions of consumers and is currently the
largest integrated pharmacy benefits management services including: network pharmacy claims processing,
home delivery, specialty pharmacy benefit management, benefit-design consultation, drug utilization review,
formulary management, and medical/drug data analysis services to manage drug plans for health plans, self-
insured employers and government agencies.

Verified with precision and completeness the patient and prescription information received from order entry
data.  Ensured  accuracy  and  appropriateness  of  drug  therapy  through  Drug  Utilization  Reviews;  contacted
prescribers to resolve discrepancies on prescriptions.

*  Awarded  Certificates  of  Excellence  for  outstanding  performance  and  lasting  contribution  in  accuracy,
attendance and productivity
* Consistently met or exceeded production rate goals
* Established home office in compliance with HIPAA and company policies
* Responsibly managed patient confidentiality information contained in pharmacy records and insurance claims

Staff Pharmacist
Caremark Rx  -  Wilkes-Barre, PA - 2005 to 2005

Caremark is the 2nd largest prescription management and pharmaceutical services company in the United
States.

Operated within the mail order operation supporting all departments to maintain daily production, quality and
service levels measured by number of prescriptions and accuracy rates.
* Interpreted prescriptions and contacted prescribers to verify information as necessary
* Contacted prescribers to convert prescriptions to generic or preferred formulary (insurance based)
* Supervised technical support personnel in prescription filling process through packaging and label auditing

Clinical Pharmacist
Wilkes-Barre General Hospital  -  Wilkes-Barre, PA - 2003 to 2005

Wilkes-Barre General Hospital is Northeastern Pennsylvania's largest community hospital, with 412 beds and
a  medical  staff  of  more  than  400  physicians  representing  nearly  50  medical  and  surgical  specialties.  It  is
recognized for excellence in heart and vascular care, and an emergency department that treats nearly 60,000
patients a year.

Interpreted,  evaluated  and  clarified  medication  orders,  including  Intravenous  (IV),  total  parenteral  nutrition
(TPN)  and  compounds  for  completeness  and  appropriateness.  Performed  quality  checks  and  dispensed
medications throughout the hospital.
* Collaborated with nurses and physicians to optimize patient therapy and promote formulary compliance
* Provided drug information and performed drug literature research in response to questions and requests
* Identified, resolved and documented discrepancies and possible drug interactions
* Oversaw pharmacy technicians drug preparation and distribution activities
* Upheld proper pharmacy and general safety procedures and standards
* Facilitated drug utilization reviews on a consistent basis

Clinical Pharmacist
Jefferson Health System  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2000 to 2003

As  one  of  the  Jefferson  University  Hospitals,  Methodist  offers  patients  a  full  range  of  healthcare  services
and the latest, leading-edge treatments and technologies. Board-certified physicians represent a variety of
specialties and serve on faculty at Sidney Kimmel Medical College of Thomas Jefferson University.

Performed  clinical  functions  including  drug  regimen  reviews,  first  dose  amino  glycoside  dosing,  IV  to  oral
therapy interchanges, therapeutic substitutions and compliance with formulary. Assisted hospital community
pharmacy and long-term care pharmacy to accommodate needs.

Clinical Pharmacist
Hahnemann University Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1999 to 2000

Hahnemann University Hospital is a 496 bed general medical and surgical hospital in Philadelphia, PA; it is
a teaching hospital.

Performed  and  provided  specialized  pharmacy  services  through  rotation  in  decentralized  pharmacies  in
various units and floors of hospital. Provided technical support during conversion of computer systems.

Pharmacist
Drug Emporium Pharmacy  -  Langhorne, PA - 1999 to 1999

Drug Emporium was a discount drug store corporation that is no longer in operation.

Operating Pharmacist prepared and dispensed drugs and medicines. Included entering new patient profiles
and  prescriptions.  Managing  pharmacy  inventory  through  re-ordering,  returns  and  inter-store  transfers.
Directed  operations  to  minimize  patient  wait  times  and  increase  overall  efficiency.  Advised  customers  on
over-the-counter  products,  medical  equipment  and  healthcare  supplies.  Provided  patient  counseling  on
use  of  prescribed  medications.  Followed  state/federal  record  keeping  guidelines  for  legend  and  controlled
substances.

Pharmacist (Floater)
CVS Pharmacy, Philadelphia Region - 1998 to 1999

Provided Pharmacist services and maintained flexibility and adaptability to pharmacies and staff across region.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy
University of the Sciences - Philadelphia, PA
1997

SKILLS

Effective Communication, Analytical Problem Solving, Human Relation Management, Attention to Details/
Accuracy, Risk Management, Time Management, Quality Assurance Management, Medication Therapy
Management

LINKS

http://LinkedIn.com/KarenCMagosin

