Lauren DePaul

Pharmacist- CVSHealth

Springfield, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Lauren-DePaul/be558e87e467f963

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
CVSHealth  -  Chichester, PA - September 2014 to Present

Pharmacy Preceptor, Appalachian College of Pharmacy - 2011 to Present

Pharmacy Preceptor, University of the Sciences - July 2006 to Present

Pharmacy Preceptor, University of the Sciences - July 2006 to Present

Pharmacy Manager
The Elwyn Pharmacy Group  -  Elwyn, PA - November 2012 to September 2014

Pharmacy Manager
Provide  prescribed  medications,  drugs,  and  other  pharmaceuticals  as  needed  for  adequate  patient  care.
Conduct drug regimen review on all patients. Ensure continual compliance with all state and federal rules and
regulations. Supervise the fulfillment of prescriptions by pharmacists, pharmacy technicians, and pharmacy
students. Oversee matters relating to the external landscape, i.e., private and public payer practices; terms;
relevant state, institutional and other societies' evolving/changing legislation and regulations, etc., including
impacts/changes  to  the  pharmacy's  policies,  procedures,  business  and  reimbursement-specific  practices,
programs, processes, etc. Communicate policy and procedure changes, system enhancements, and clinical
updates to all pharmacy staff. Ensure adequate control and documentation of all controlled substance records
and monitor patient medication profiles. Demonstrate versatility in adapting to ever-increasing complexity in
the healthcare industry. Empathetic and intuitive in patient interactions; elicit trust and build strong customer
relations. Committed to providing quality pharmaceutical care as an essential link in disease management;
poised  and  confident  as  a  contributing  member  of  the  healthcare  team.  Flexible  in  quickly  mastering  new
technologies and information systems. Assemble a great team and schedule their work so the pharmacy is
always functioning at peak performance. Hire and schedule team members.
• Designed and implemented first in-store and home-based immunization program in the local area.
• Designed and implemented first fertility program in the local area.
•  Designed  and  implemented  medication  therapy  management  programs  for  the  following  disease  states:
cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and general formulary reviews.
•  Designed  and  implemented  new  drug  introduction  policy  which  formalized  the  activities  around
troubleshooting  and  resolution  of  reimbursement  issues  or  problems,  such  as  denial  of  reimbursement,
incorrect coding, plan terms/criteria, etc., including management of the process through to full resolution.
• Oversee all retail pharmacy activities encompassing a volume of more than 2200 prescriptions per week, a
budget of $100,000/week, and a staff of 23 professionals and non-professionals.

PHARMACY PRECEPTOR
University of the Sciences
Temple University
Appalachian College of Pharmacy

Engage students in all professional years (P3-P6) in the active learning process, encouraging them to express
opinions  and  share  knowledge  or  experiences;  guide  and  evaluate  students  in  a  continuous,  consistent,
and timely manner; incorporate information from other areas of practice to enhance the student's learning
experience; provide constructive criticism when evaluating students and their learning process; and serve as
a role model by acting and performing in a manner that exhibits professionalism and accountability.

CVS - Havertown, PA
Pharmacist in Charge/Pharmacy Manager
Ensured  that  Pharmacists  in  area  of  responsibility  complied  with  all  federal,  state  and  local  laws  as  well
as  standards  pertaining  to  the  pharmacy.  Provided  professional,  developmental  and  technical  guidance
and  support  to  Pharmacists.  Managed  the  company's  pharmacy  marketing,  quality  control  and  inventory
optimization  programs.  Optimized  pharmacy  sales  and  profit.  Managed  pharmacy  programs,  including
patient counseling, healthcare provider interactions, and developing price structuring and in-store screening
programs. Ensured professional quality control standards were maintained through optimization of process
flow and communication of professional pharmacy practices. Ensured Rx inventory optimization by monitoring
store  inventories  and  sales.  Participated  in  the  recruitment  of  Pharmacists  and  assisted  with  college
recruiting.  Established  procedures  to  follow  through  and  obtain  feedback  on  the  recruiting  process  from
initial interview through placement. Implemented training programs involving interns, externs and newly hired
Pharmacists.  Conducted  performance  appraisals,  salary  management,  succession  planning  and  training.
Assumed additional responsibilities and performed special projects as needed.

CVS - Various locations, PA
Pharmacy Intern
Obtained  the  skills  and  knowledge  needed  to  play  an  integral  role  in  maintaining  a  respectful,  open  and
diverse work environment where the priority was to provide outstanding care to patients every day. Took part
in mentoring, training and education exercises. Developed clinical, patient care, customer service, business
metrics, operations management, team development, and leadership skills.

Pharmacist in Charge/Pharmacy Manager, CVS
Pharmacy Preceptor, University of the Sciences - July 2006 to October 2012

Pharmacy Intern, CVS
- August 2001 to June 2006

EDUCATION

DOCTOR OF PHARMACY
University of the Sciences - Philadelphia, PA
2006

SKILLS

Immunization certified, MTM certified with Outcomes and Mirixia

AWARDS

Paragon Award Winner
Superior service and execution within the pharmacy setting

