Linda Cattai

Clinical Call Center Pharmacist - Hospice Pharmacia

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Linda-Cattai/3b8d30802a4d6d7c

WORK EXPERIENCE

Clinical Call Center Pharmacist
Hospice Pharmacia  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2001 to Present

Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
I am a Subject Matter Expert with 22 Years experience in the Pharmacy field working in Hospitals, Private
Sector and most recently in Hospice Care.

Currently, I work in a hospice call center, where nurses and physicians in the field visit hospice patients and
contact Hospice Pharmacia's clinical pharmacy for consultations regarding the management of their patients
care. My primary function is pain management in cancer patients, converting opiate dosing from one pain
medication to another. I also assist their patients with constipation or bowel management to maintaining bowel
function. In Hospice Care, End-of-life management requires a lot of agitation and restlessness guidance, where
I provide our company approved (formulary) guidelines in treating delirium, restlessness and hallucinations.
Some of this requires screening the patient's disease state and other diagnoses. Though Cancer patients
occupy the bulk of my time, I also assist other patients with other disease states, such as dementia, diabetes,
cardiac disease, cerebrovascular disease. Our hospice population involves all hospices in the United States,
registered with our company. In essence, I answer calls from hospice patients, hospice nurses and physician
themselves in dosing guidelines in every disease state, whether its cancer, diabetes, dementia, debilitation
or diabetes.
At  the  end  of  the  consult,  the  hospice  nurses  then  discuss  the  treatment  with  their  patients'  physicians
and contact then me to register the order in Hospice Pharmacia's system (xeris/infinity). Once the order is
entered into our system, a label is generated in our laboratory, where the dispensing pharmacists package the
medication and has it shipped to the patients' homes via Federal Express (FEDEX).

As I am considered a Subject Matter Expert by my peers, I am often asked by my supervisor to mentor and
training new employees on our call process, data entry, formularies and proper protocols or style required in
the call center. I also provide refresher training to older employees in current processing procedures as well
as aid technicians with their duties during high volume periods.

Most of my day is entailed answering drug information calls in the call center however; I often assisted nurses
in wound care for their patients. During these calls I would assess the wound(s) and would recommend the
appropriate treatment to keep the patient comfortable and as pain-free as possible. I am one of a handful of
pharmacists trained in this area.
It is company policy to answer a minimum number of calls with complete accuracy and speed. I along with a
handful of other pharmacists have succeeded and often exceeded this requirement with minimal adherence
or  attendance  issues.  I  have  spent  years  in  the  hospice  practice  and  have  become  well  versed  in  the
protocol required for pain and agitation management, infection prevention, hypertension management and
compounded medications. My pain management experience is not limited to only cancer patients.

Supervisor: Thomas McCool (877-882-7820)
Okay to contact this Supervisor: Contact me first

Jefferson University Hospital
132 S. 10th Street
Philadelphia, PA 19107 United States

05/1998 - 08/2001
Salary: 65,000.00 USD Per Year
Hours per week: 40

Clinical Pharmacist
Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
At Jefferson Hospital, I worked primarily on the third floor chemotherapy satellite pharmacy, assisting nurses
and  physicians  in  dispensing  medication  and  medication  /  chemotherapy  preparation.  I  had  to  maintain
accurate electronic patient profiles as they relate to medication entry, allergies and diagnosis. Technicians
prepared the majority of Intravenous (IV) chemotherapy and I had to verify the admixture for accuracy.

I performed quality control checks of medications in pill or liquid forms that were prepared by technicians prior
to dispensing to patients. This ensured the accuracy of the medication dosage prescribed for the respective
patient's treatment. I also reviewed patients' charts for medication orders, consults and notes and conducted
calculations of Creatinine clearance of IV antibiotics for proper dosing and frequencies.

I rotated through other pharmacy satellites throughout the hospital facility (i.e. cardiac floor and pediatric floor)
to verify and maintain accurate patient profiles with demographics and allergies as well as medication /profile
entry. I spent some time on the patient floor collecting data from patient charts in collecting orders and leaving
consult notes. The pediatric satellite required more meticulous dosing calculations and technician assistance
to ensure accurate dispensing of medication.
I was one of a select few pharmacists who had the responsibility of dispensing narcotics to the nursing units and
properly maintained accurate records of our controlled medications which were locked securely in a cabinet.

Maintaining patient care was a hospital priority and I often coordinated nurse and physician communication and
interaction to ensure the patient received the most appropriate treatment and medication usage throughout
their stay.

Supervisor: Howard Cohen (no longer Director) (1-800- 533-3669)
Okay to contact this Supervisor: Contact me first

Medical College of Pennsylvania Hospital (MCP Hospital)
3300 Henry Avenue
Philadelphia, PA 19129 United States

05/1995 - 05/1998
Salary: 55,000.00 USD Per Year
Hours per week: 40

Clinical Pharmacist
Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
AT MCP hospital, I worked primarily in the Intensive Care Pharmacy satellite. I rounded with physicians every
morning in acute care to all 17 ICU patients requiring critical medication care, and dosing. I had to respond
to code alarms when patients were actively dying by preparing IV acute medications (examples dopamine,

epinephrine, ativan) and on the spot medication dosing for the nurses and physicians. This required alot of
intense calculations and sterile technique preparation of medications.

I also worked in the central pharmacy primarily preparing oral medication cassettes for delivery to each patient's
room in the hospital. I did a lot of technician checking, data entry and medication dispensing.

Supervisor: No longer there. Hospital closed (215-768-7400)
Okay to contact this Supervisor: Contact me first

Graduate Hospital
1800 Lombard Street
Philadelphia, PA 19146 United States

06/1992 - 05/1995
Salary: 50,000.00 USD Per Year
Hours per week: 40

Clinical Pharmacist
Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
This was my first pharmacy job out of pharmacy school. I work in the central pharmacy in the narcotic vault,
checking narcotic inventory. I also worked in the IV room checking technicians' sterile technique in preparation
of all iv medications. I made intravenous parenteral nutrition, doing a lot of iv calculations of electrolytes and
protein/glucose for the mixture.
There were decentralized rover carts, where I stayed primarily on assigned patient floors, assisting nurses in
dispensing medication and chart checks. I rounded with physicians on certain assigned days, did chart checks
and gave dosage consultations with the physicians.
It was an intense hospital rotation where I utilized alot of my pharmacy skills learned in school.

Supervisor: Thomas Egan (215-893-5000)
Okay to contact this Supervisor: Contact me first

EDUCATION

Bachelor's
Temple University Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA
May 1992

Bachelor's in Biology
LaSalle University
May 1989

Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy
LaSalle University Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA

