Maria Taylor

Pharmacist - Narberth Pharmacy, Inc

Havertown, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Maria-Taylor/d7316c9ad4bb88c2

Seeking the role of a Pharmacist where my detailed knowledge of medical techniques and medications can
support the goals of the organization.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist
Narberth Pharmacy, Inc  -  Narberth, PA - April 1999 to Present

Responsible  for  inventory  and  purchasing.  Supervision  and  management  of  the  technicians  and  store
employees.  Analyze  insurance  payments  and  processes  to  guarantee  proper  adjudication  while  providing
excellent  customer  service  and  patient  counseling.  Implemented  procedures  for  accurate  prescription
dispensing and perform Drug Utilization Reviews.

Pharmacist
Hospice Pharmacia  -  Wyncote, PA - October 1998 to April 1999

Provided clinical information to doctors and hospice nurses. Reviewed hospice patient therapy for assured
optimal pain control and symptomatic therapy; recommended therapeutic approaches for palliative therapy
according  to  patient's  symptoms.  Calculated  appropriate  doses  and  equianalgesic  doses  of  narcotics  for
individualized patient therapy.

Pharmacist
Durant Medical, Inc  -  Malvern, PA - December 1995 to October 1998

Maintained  inventory  and  purchasing.  Verified  oral  medication  and  I.V.  mixtures  dispensed.  Supervised
technicians  and  participated  in  quality  assurance  projects  such  as  logging  all  IV  mixtures,  assuring  that
repackaged medications had correct does, spelling lot numbers and expiration dates. Consulted with nursing
home staff for chart reviews and clinical information.

Pharmacist
Giant Foods, Inc  -  Aldan, PA - January 1995 to December 1995

Assisted in opening of a new pharmacy location; ordered inventory, and handled all public relations regarding
the opening of the pharmacy. Entered data for patient profiles on the Zadall computer system. Performed
patient counseling to assure optimal medication usage.

Pharmacist
Thrift Drug  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 1993 to January 1995

Was responsible for all pharmacy inventory, personnel schedules, trained pharmacy interns and technicians.
Provided excellent counseling and drug information to patients, physicians and other healthcare professionals.

EDUCATION

BS in Pharmacy
University of the Sciences - Philadelphia, PA
January 1993

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills
• In-depth knowledge of pharmacy lingo and medical terminologies.
• Proven skills of working in a fast paced, highly demanding healthcare scenario.
• Adept at keeping stock and maintaining inventory with useful medicines.
• Experienced in various pharmaceutical operations such as dosages, side effects and effectiveness.

