Melissa Mishler

Staff Pharmacist

Newtown, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Melissa-Mishler/9946bc833e1524b9

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
Horsham Square Pharmacy at Ann's Choice  -  Warminster, PA - April 2012 to August 2014

Retail pharmacy setting located within a retirement/assisted living community. Responsible for maintaining
daily  operations  to  service  the  residents  and  skilled  nursing  patients.  Worked  adjunctively  with  onsite
physicians and nurses on proper treatment plans including
medication  and  adjunctive  therapies.  Also  provided  immunizations  when  prescribed  or  requested  by  the
patient.

In addition; worked to maintain 4 outside nursing home facilities' daily and monthly medication orders via fax
and/or telephone. All
orders were blister packed as required by state regulations. Assisted nurses in the facilities with medication,
non-medication, wound care, DME and any other pertinent patient care related questions.

Serviced Project Transition, 4 outside halfway home facilities. Provided
daily and weekly medication in specific Dispill packaging system.
Worked closely with their physicians and counselors to coordinate proper
medication treatment plans. Also provided bi-weekly immunizations to a group of their patients.

Pharmacy Manager
Rite Aid Pharmacy  -  Newtown, PA - January 2008 to April 2012

Responsible  for  maintaining  daily  operations  required  to  sustain  a  pharmacy  filling  on  average  3,500
prescriptions weekly.
In charge of 2 fellow pharmacists as well as 12 employees. Provided extensive patient counseling. Filled and
verified
prescriptions, compounded prescriptions and maintained
store inventory to meet company standards.
Immunized over 500 patients with Flu vaccine and over 300 patients with Zostavax vaccine during 2012 & 2013.

Pharmacist
Brooks/Eckerd Pharmacy Yardley  -  Richboro, PA - April 2004 to January 2008

Staff pharmacist, responsible for filling and verifying
prescriptions, as well as providing extensive patient counseling.

Jeans Hospital (pharmacy school rotations) Philadelphia, PA

Intern for 12 weeks on two separate occasions. Assisted with patient monitoring, including drug therapies and
stats. Made recommendations for changes in drug therapy based on
current literature and/or hospital protocol. Participated on codes and rounds.

Pharmacy Intern
Walgreens Pharmacy  -  Warminster, PA - August 2002 to March 2004

Responsible  for  taking  prescription  orders  and  entering  and  filling  prescriptions.  Gained  further  patient
counseling experience.

Pharmacy Technician
Horsham Square Pharmacy  -  Horsham, PA - November 1997 to December 2001

Responsible for taking prescription orders, interacting with doctors and nurses and providing customer care
in applicable situations.

Worked with various unit dose-packaging systems for nursing homes. Compounding experience with Flavor
Rx (TM) flavoring system for liquid medications and experience compounding prescriptions under supervision.
Responsible for drug ordering using systems from Kinray, McKesson, Neuman and Bergen Brunswick.

Pharmacist and Immunization License: Pennsylvania

EDUCATION

Temple University - Ambler, PA
January 1999 to May 2000

Biology
Delaware Valley College - Doylestown, PA
August 1996 to December 1997

Horsham High School - Horsham, PA
June 1996

Doctor of Pharmacy
Temple University School of Pharmacy - Philadelphia, PA

