Morrie Olson

Clinical Pharmacist - Psychotherapst

Bensalem, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Morrie-Olson/cf0839951dea49f1

An experienced, insightful professional with broad knowledge and expertise within the fields of executive level
administration, behavioral healthcare,
family  therapy,  pharmacy/pharmacology,  substance  related  disorders  and  clinical  treatment-research.  An
extremely articulate and accomplished teacher and presenter; he also possesses a strong background as
an  Executive  Director,  who  has  effectively  administered  major  behavioral  healthcare  and  clinical  research
programs, requiring; start- up and all areas of program implementation and policy development. Has overseen
all aspects of behavioral healthcare managed care funding streams and initiatives for the treatment of co-
occurring disorders.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Clinical Pharmacist
Psychotherapst  -  Plymouth Meeting, PA - April 2011 to Present

Inc.& Private Practice
600 W. Germantown Pike, Suite 125
Plymouth Meeting, PA 19462
April 2011 to Present

* Evaluates and determines diagnostic criteria for new patients
* Recommends appropriate medication regimens
* Provides individual, couples and family therapy
* Co-principal investigator on Pharma' Medication Study
* Interfaces with pharmacies and managed care providers when needed.
* Develops new medication protocols for induction and detoxification for opioid dependent patients
* Represents the Institute for business partnering endeavors.
* Provides medication information re: behavioral health and psychiatric medication to Private Practice Internal
Medicine Group
* Provides Consultant Pharmacist services (medication review, formulary recommendations and cost analysis)
to Adolescent
Behavioral Health Treatment Center
* Sees individuals, couples and families for medication evaluation and psychotherapy in private practice setting.

Medical Science Liaison/MSL
Aerotek  -  Waltham, MA - November 2010 to March 2011

Clinically supports the National Account Management and Public Sector Team across the U.S.
* Aids in the development of clinical and scientific materials for utilization of future MSL hires.
* Aids in the determination and prioritization of Company-wide priorities of product specific information.
* Collaborates on the development of future CNS and behavioral health pipeline initiatives.
* Educates staff and on the MSL role and utilization
* Presents before national payor accounts on clinical and scientific data as related to product information.
* Represents the Company before National Public Sector representatives.
* Strategizes with Public Sector Team leader on the approach to public sector and criminal justice initiatives.
* Prepares and prioritized clinical and scientific materials for market specific presentations.

* Provides input into proposed selection of KOL and independent investigator initiatives and studies.

Corporate and Field Medical Advisor / MSL
Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare Co. Inc  -  Richmond, VA - May 2007 to July 2010

Performs the Global Company Pharmacovigilance Evaluations for all reported adverse events.
* Provides Clinical support for the nursing staff within the Medical Information Unit.
*  Provides  staff-wide  training  for  Clinical  Liaisons  on  Psychotherapeutic  Approaches  for  the  Treatment  of
Substance Use Disorder and ancillary medications.]
* Answers all Physician and Health Provider clinical questions posed to Medical Affairs.
* Provides a key role in the production of the Annual Periodic Summary Review Update Report
(PSUR) required by the FDA.
* Provides input to training and development for marketing and related departments requiring
clinical pharmacologic and or psychotherapeutic related issues.
* Clinically supports both the Private and Public Sector Managed Care Teams, upon request for upper level
meetings.
* Has given expert/professional testimony before State Senate sub-committees and Governor's panels as an
FMA/MSL
* Clinically supports the National Account Management Team to Managed Care in the role of FMA/MSL
* Provided clinical presentations for the Public Sector Team at DUR and P&T Committee Meetings as FMA/
MSL
* Provided clinical product information to Pharmacy Directors of Managed Healthcare Companies and
Medical Directors.

Pharmacy Manager
New Summerdale Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2006 to May 2007

Medication determination of prescriptions
* Completing prescription orders
* Monitoring Patient drug Profiles
* Determination and entering of Insurance Plans
* Patient counseling
* Receiving Physician Orders
* Utilization of HBS Pharmacy Computer System
* Applying daily pharmacy drug monitoring and related administrative systems
* Assisting patients and OTC Clientele with medication related questions
* Supervision of Pharmacy Technicians and related Pharmacy Staff.

Consultant and Private Practitioner

A pharmacist and family therapist by professions
Bensalem, PA - November 2003 to May 2007

with specific expertise in the areas of behavioral healthcare administration and clinical practice with a focus
on family and couples therapy and chemical dependency treatment and pharmacology.

* Providing agencies and programs with strategic planning, start-up and program development.
* Concept development for the enhancement of organizational and clinical practice.
* Writes and develops policies and procedures to comply with CARF, JAACHO and related standards.
* Develops methods to maximize income in budget constrained and managed care environments.
* Develops initiatives to increase partnering with other agencies, Universities and pharmaceutical companies..

* Develops and new and evaluates existing medication protocols specifically for detoxification and maintenance
of substance use disorders.
* Assistance with the establishment and development of research protocols in varied agency and program
settings.
* Provides lectures and training in the areas of behavioral healthcare, psychotropic medications, counseling
and family therapy, and numerous topics on chemical dependency, such as the pharmacology of substances
and related disorders.
* Provides individual, couples and family psychotherapy.
* A published author in the field of professional family therapy.
* Private practice consultation development assistance.
* Supervision and mentoring for thesis and dissertation topic development.

Executive Director
Behavioral Health Special Initiative Program, (BHSI)
(Formerly The Philadelphia ACT 152 Project)

Philadelphia Mental Health Care Corporation  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 1993 to October 2003

Represents  the  multimillion  dollar  managed  care  behavioral  health  program  to  the  network  of  over  100
treatment provider agencies and as needed to other top officials within the relevant State and City government.
The  Executive  Director  developed  programs,  policies  and  initiatives  to  continuously  upgrade  and  improve
the  overall  functioning  of  the  program,  in  keeping  with  its  mission.  The  Executive  Director  oversaw  the
departmental directors within the program and coordinates their activities to effectively and efficiently manages
and supervises the daily functioning of the Program, administratively and clinically. The Executive Director
unified two separately funded components, (funding delivery and its components and Case Management), to
work in tandem. The Service Management Unit, which incorporates the functions of assessment, evaluation,
level of care determinations along with utilization review and the generation of funding authorizations and a
detailed accounting of expenditures. The efforts of the Intensive Case Management Unit are directed towards
patient monitoring, service planning/service referral, patient follow-up and strategies for relapse prevention
of behavioral health disorders; with primary substance use. The Executive Director reported directly to the
Assistance Health Commissioner of Substance Abuse Services of the City of Philadelphia.

* Identified the necessary provider agencies needed for increasing and enhancing the
Provider Network which grew from twenty-four Agencies to over one hundred and thirty.
* Identified the need for and introduced the first program to provide services to patients with both substance
use disorder and psychiatric illness.
* Made policy decisions regarding justification of spending allocations as well as clinically relevant situations
as they are impacted by funding.
* Made determinations about the appropriate acquisition of needed programs for the BHSI/ACT 152 funded
population.
* Responsible for the balancing of funding budgets for administrations and clinical expenditures for the City
and State.
* Monitored and attends to the appropriation and acquisition of personnel as needed.
* Provides information regarding the funding streams to groups, to whom this information is pertinent to the
groups or missions they serve.
* Applied the principles of managed care in a fashion which most positively and appropriately meets the needs
of all parties concerned; patients, provider agencies and State and City funding and supervising bodies.
* Represented the Program in areas of funding acquisition and lobbying, as needed.
*  Interfaced  with  all  relevant  administrative  personnel  within  the  administrative  body  of  the  oversight
cooperation, to arrange for the timely delivery and cooperative production of Program requirements.

*  Made  specific  recommendations  to  provider  agencies  regarding  needed  changes  and  requirements  to
further improve the quality and functioning of their agency within the context of the present Behavioral Health
environment.

Medical Affairs Manager
Wyeth-Ayerst Pharmaceutical Company - January 1993 to April 1993

This Managerial position within Medical Affairs, Foreign, investigated, evaluated, determined and ultimately
prepared reports for the FDA, regarding the specific adverse events and experiences that may have contributed
to serious and non-serious clinical events; which may have resulted or been a factor in a pending international
litigation involving the parent company.

Familiarization with FDA guidelines and regulations for the identification and proper reporting of drug related
adverse experiences and relevant contributing factors, specifically related to CNS psychotropic medications.

Researched and prepared documents providing comparative evaluative analysis of related compounds within
specific drug classifications, toward redefining labeling requirements.

Functioned  as  a  resource  for  labeling  and  information  regarding  specific  benzodiazepine  and  illicit  drug
interactions and related mental health disorders.

Program Director
Carrier Foundation  -  Belle Mead, NJ - January 1992 to January 1993

The  Program  Director  within  the  Carrier  organization  reports  directly  to  the  Director  of  the  Research
Division. The Primary functions of the Program Director are to initiate, implement and coordinate all of the
psychopharmacology related activities, under the direction of the division director.

Sought funding from agencies in the form of research protocols from government agencies as well as private
industry.  All  recruited  projects  must  be  consistent  with  the  ethical  and  scientific  parameters  of  the  Carrier
Research Philosophy.

Supervised,  trained  and  evaluated  all  personnel  involved  in  the  workings  of  the  psychopharmacology
department of the Research Division; including individual Project Directors.

Maintained administrative involvement in the following of research patients, overseeing participation of medical
personnel, research assistants and laboratory technicians working on behalf of research.

Prepared progress reports, participates in grant writing and direction and writes and contributes to original
works toward the end of achieving publication or otherwise perpetuating research.

Research Coordinator
University of Pennsylvania - Treatment Research Center  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 1989 to December
1991

Philadelphia, PA
October 1989 to December 1991

Acted as a liaison between principle investigators whose research is being conducted through the Treatment
Research Unit (T.R.U.) and the clinical service providers. Insure that the clinical needs of patient participating
in research protocols are not jeopardized.

Treated  individuals,  families  and  couples  being  seen  at  the  T.R.U.  Provide  psychotherapy,  addictions
counseling, case management and maintain patient documentation.

Ordered,  secured,  and  distributed  research  and  clinically  prescribed  medications.  Provide  consultation  on
medications to other members of the treatment team when medication questions arose.

Was a member of the Executive Committee of the T.R.U. and participated in the decision making processes.

Founder, Director
Northeast Biofeedback Associates, Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - December 1989 to May 1991

Established a clinical organization/corporation to provide diagnostic surface EMG scanning and biofeedback
for patients injured in accidents who required alternative methods to adapting and coping with the residual
psychological and physical injuries they had sustained. This patient population often times were not promising
candidates for traditional psychotherapy.

Directly  evaluated  patients  to  determine  their  projected  benefit  from  biofeedback.  Conducted  biofeedback
sessions and surface EMG scanning.

Interfaced with all professionals (both legal and healthcare) as related to patients
Treating with Northeast Biofeedback Inc.

EDUCATION

University of Pennsylvania Treatment Research Center
January 2005

Chemical Dependency
Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine - Philadelphia, PA
September 2004

B.S. in Clinical Oversight Committee
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
1997 to 2003

Doctoral
Philadelphia College of Pharmacy & Science
1992 to 1994

TEACHING
Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine
February 1988

Master of Family Therapy
Hahnemann University - Philadelphia, PA
1988

Bachelor of Science
School of Pharmacy
1976

Bachelor of Arts in Psychology and Pre-Medical Sciences

Temple University - Philadelphia, PA
1972

B.S. in Substance Abuse Counseling
Alvernia College

