Oluwole Williams

Glenside, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Oluwole-Williams/f71e3399a852b3de

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
General Healthcare Resources  -  Plymouth, PA - September 2012 to Present

Staff Pharmacist
General Healthcare Resources  -  Pymouth Mtg,PA - September 2012 to Present

Graduate Internship
Acute Care Pharm.D Rotations  -  Washington, VA - December 2013 to May 2014

Responsibilities
Internship in Acute Care Clinical Rotations

Temp. b
Acute Care Pharm.D Rotations - 2013 to 2014

PROFESSIONAL SERVICES DETAIL
• Dispensed and verified prescriptions, drug order entries and supervised technician's assignments in Hospital,
Community & Long-term care pharmacies.
• Narcotic and drug inventory management plus staff supervision and training in retail pharmacies
• Over-the-counter medicines recommendation and patient counsel. Healthcare education and accessibility to
clients in the community pharmacy.
• Hosted immunization clinics and assisted the delivery teams in storage of vaccines and successful meetings
with patients.
• Supported medical offices in prompt delivery of compounded medications for patients' needs. Provided timely
and free drug information services to physicians, dental offices and nurses alike in the public's service.
• Educated patients on prescribed medications and advised them on impacts of diet, exercise and drug - drug
interactions on their overall wellbeing.

Staff Pharmacist
Walmart Pharmacy  -  Glenolden, PA - December 2007 to March 2012

Staff Pharmacist
Rite-Aid Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2006 to 2007

Staff Pharmacist
CVS/Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2003 to 2006

EDUCATION

Pharm.D in Pharmacy
Howard University - Washington, DC
2012 to 2014

B.Pharm
University of Ife(now Obafemi Awolowo University)

SKILLS

• Dispensed and verified prescriptions, drug order entries and supervised technician’s assignments in
Hospital, Community & Long-term care pharmacies.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS & ACCOMPLISHMENTS
• Cooperated with medical personnel in the provision of optimum drug therapy for outpatients in ambulatory
care hospital pharmacy.
• Prepared and compounded: extemporaneous, sterile and topical products in Long-term care pharmacy.
• Advocated for affordable prescription drug coverage for clients in community pharmacy advising customers
on available insurances.
• Contributed timely articles in professional magazines on topics relevant to the advancement of pharmacy
and better healthcare delivery in the USA.
• An international merit award winner having local and overseas experiences in pharmacy practice.
• A compassionate motivator and encourager who responsibly supplicates HR by being an inspiration to co-
workers in all locations of employ.

