Regent Crisostomo

Staff Pharmacist - Walmart Pharmacy

Bensalem, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Regent-Crisostomo/7323bb341a40d558

A strong, comprehensive, experienced Pharmacist in Retail, Home IV Infusion, and Clinical Hospital available
to acquire a position in an institution/company that can utilize my organizational skills and lead to professional
growth.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
Walmart Pharmacy  -  Willow Grove, PA - 2010 to Present

Traveled to various Walmart Pharmacies to manage the pharmacy and dispense prescriptions. Led technicians
in proper filling and procedures. Dispensed effectively, efficiently and correctly to each patient. Proficient in
using Connexus and other proprietary computer programs to fill prescriptions and manage stock. Trained in
managing the pharmacy and the technicians.

Clinical Pharmacist
Kindred Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2009 to 2013

Led  a  team  of  pharmacy  technicians  to  accomplish  patient  care  in  a  Long  Term  Acute  Care  facility.
Made medication reconciliations for new admissions. Made policy, procedures, and manual for training new
pharmacist and technicians. Managed the ordering of supplies and the budget of the pharmacy. Communicated
with  all  medical  professionals  in  the  goal  of  patient  safety  and  therapy.  Managed  the  scheduling  of  the
pharmacists.  Well  trained  in  the  Pyxis  system  both  console  and  MedStation.  Managed  C2  inventory  with
ordering and physical counts. Trained all pharmacists in the ProTouch system and was a Super User. Made
certain all medications leaving the pharmacy were precise and correct.

Clinical Pharmacist
Home Solutions  -  Horsham, PA - 2008 to 2009

Trained in IV room and USP 797 regulations. Effective leader of the pharmacy technicians and delivery drivers.
Trained in communication with healthcare professionals and patients. Speak to doctors and nurses on a regular
basis regarding the status and health of patients. Knowledgeable in indications, usage, dosing, and course of
various IV medications. Have given clinical opinions regarding patient's treatment courses.

Staff Pharmacist
Target Pharmacy  -  Langhorne, PA - 2007 to 2008

Traveled to various Target Pharmacies to manage the pharmacy and dispense prescriptions. Led technicians
in  proper  filling  and  procedures.  Dispensed  effectively,  efficiently  and  correctly  to  each  guest.  Polite  and
courteous to the needs of the guest. Trained in managing the pharmacy and the technicians.

Pharmacy Technician
Target Pharmacy  -  Langhorne, PA - 2006 to 2007

Dispensed oral medication to Target guests. Trained in inputting prescriptions in the computer system and
efficiently filling oral medication. Trained in stocking and inventory of medication from suppliers. Knowledgeable
in various insurance companies and their medication coverage.

Pharmacy Technician

Abington Memorial Hospital  -  Abington, PA - 2003 to 2006

Delivered  medication  to  various  units  in  the  hospital.  Trained  in  using  Pyxis  machines,  refilling  and
troubleshooting the automated filling station, drawing oral pediatric medication, medication stocking, and the
IV room.

EDUCATION

PharmD
University of the Sciences in Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA
August 2001 to May 2007

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills
I  have  had  extensive  training  in  communication  with  medical  professionals,  communication  with  patients,
managing the pharmacy, managing the technicians, preparing IV's, dispensing medication, indications and
dosage of medication, usage of various medical supplies, inputting orders in various computer programs, and
line flushing protocols.

