Robert Rossi

Integrated Pharmacist - CITYLIFE NEIGHBORHOOD CLINICS

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Robert-Rossi/a46b1520de3e83f7

● Pharmacist currently licensed in Pennsylvania and applying for New Jersey and Delaware licenses seeking
full-time employment.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Integrated Pharmacist
CITYLIFE NEIGHBORHOOD CLINICS  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2015 to Present

Conduct comprehensive appraisals of patients' health status by taking health and drug histories
● Document relevant findings of a patient's health status in the patient's medical record.
● Evaluate drug therapy through direct member care involvement with clinical assessment, subjective, and
objective findings related to patients' responses to drug therapy and communicates and documents the findings
and recommendations to the team.
●  Develop,  document,  and  execute  therapeutic  plans  utilizing  the  most  effective,  least  toxic,  and  most
economic  medication  treatments  as  per  National  Pharmacy  and  Therapeutics  Committee  or  PBM-specific
guidelines or protocols including the Preferred Drug Formulary.
● Order and analyze laboratory and diagnostic test data so as to modify drug therapy and dosing as necessary.
● Implement medications, including initiation, continuation, discontinuation, and altering therapy based upon
established formulary or protocols.
● Provide ongoing primary care for chronic, stable, or minor acute health problems, as delineated in protocols
and procedures and assists in the management of medical emergencies, adverse drug reactions, and acute
and chronic disease states.
● Provide member and health care professional education and medication education.
● Evaluate and document patients' and caregivers' ability to understand medication instructions and provide
oral and written counseling on their medications.
● Identify and takes specific corrective action for drug-induced problems.
● Serve as a clinical manager of drug-related programs and subject-matter expert in conjunction with care
team responsibilities.
Outpatient warfarin management

Staff Pharmacist
DELAWARE COUNTY MEMORIAL HOSPITAL  -  Drexel Hill, PA - October 2014 to Present

Validate medication orders through computerized order entry system
● Discuss and clarify medication orders with providers
● Make adjustments to medications per pharmacy protocols, e.g. renal dosing
● Oversee and collaborate with technicians to provide the best quality product and timely delivery
● Communicate with nursing staff regarding medication deliveries and questions
● Patient counseling, including warfarin counseling

Staff Pharmacist
AXELACARE HEALTH SOLUTIONS LLC  -  Havertown, PA - February 2015 to August 2015

Enter and audit prescriptions, update medication profiles, determine infusion rates
● Coordinate with billing and nursing teams to determine patient needs

● Work around a schedule to ship prescriptions and supplies to patients
● Comply with USP 797 regulations with sterile compounding and cleaning procedures
● Perform patient calls to assess symptomology, infusion complications and supply needs

Managing Pharmacist
The Compounding Pharmacist  -  West Chester, PA - May 2014 to July 2015

Manage pharmacy as needed
● Counsel patients regarding prescriptions
● Discuss prescriptions and formulations with doctors
● Oversee technicians and other employees
● Handle shipping prescriptions and ordering of inventory
● Plan daily workflow

Graduate Intern
The Compounding Pharmacist  -  West Chester, PA - December 2013 to July 2015

Elegantly compound a multitude of prescription medications from raw ingredients by hand or machine.
● Complete pharmaceutical calculations daily pertaining to drug formulas and patient specifics.
● Teach new students on rotation in the processes of the pharmacy and compounding medications.
● Continually perform quality control on formulations, ingredients and processes.
● Utilize resources regarding new formulations, indications and dosing.
● Keep inventory of raw ingredients, unit dosing needs, bulk medication needs, and expired medications.
● Unit dose medications of common strengths to streamline and expedite dispensing process as well as dose
specific medications for each patient as needed.
● Perform cleaning, minor maintenance and daily operation of compounding equipment including, but not
limited to, an Exakt three roll ointment mill, Jaansun 100 capsule machine and Unguator 2100.

Staff Pharmacist
NEIGHBORHOOD PHARMACY  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2015 to May 2015

Supervise a team of technicians
● Check and dispense medications and counsel patients
● Communicate with other healthcare professionals
● Travel between different pharmacies to cover shifts

Pharmacy Intern
CROZER-CHESTER MEDICAL CENTER  -  Upland, PA - May 2011 to May 2014

Inpatient and outpatient duties help to give a more complete experience of the world of pharmacy.
● Create IV admixtures using aseptic technique in a USP 797 compliant cleanroom.
● Daily use of Siemens Pharmacy Workstation.
● Daily use and minor maintenance of automated pharmacy equipment including Talyst and Pyxis.
● Hourly deliveries, as well as stat deliveries, of medications to nursing units or patient rooms from a centralized
pharmacy.
● Communicate with other healthcare professionals in order to solve problems, complete tasks and assist
in any way possible.
● Answer phones to assist with questions and refills or direct caller to pharmacist.
● Establish or maintain patient profiles, including lists of medications taken by individual patients.
● Use of computerized prescription processing system with scanning along with an accurate pill counting
machine to reduce errors.

Intensive Care Unit - Clinical Rotation
Delaware County Memorial Hospital  -  Drexel Hill, PA - November 2013 to December 2013

Work with doctors, nurses and all healthcare professionals involved in the care of patients in the ICU on daily
rounds.
● Present cases and journal clubs throughout rotation.
● Suggest medication regimen changes as per guidelines and hospital protocols to ensure best possible care.
Assist in warfarin dosing and kinetic dosing

Long Term Acute Care - Clinical Rotation
Lourdes Specialty Hospital  -  Willingboro, NJ - September 2013 to October 2013

Willingboro, New Jersey
Long Term Acute Care Hospital (LTACH) Rotation, September 2013 - October 2013
● Work with a team of nurses, doctors, pharmacists and social workers at daily rounds.
● Assist in warfarin dosing and kinetic dosing daily.
● Present cases, journal clubs and pharmacy-related presentations throughout rotation.
● Suggest regimen changes based on guidelines.
● C. difficile monitoring project based on medications and demographics of infected patients.

Home Infusion - Clinical Rotation
Critical Care Systems  -  Linwood, PA - August 2013 to September 2013

Make patient calls for updates and refills, making sure their ancillary home infusion supply needs are met as
well as their medications.
● Work within a tight schedule involving patients' timelines with treatment, medication expiration dates and
delivery routes and times.
● Pharmaceutical calculations, specifically TPN.
Counsel patients individually regarding medications and concerns

Psychiatric Hospital - Clinical Rotation
NHS Human Services  -  Newark, DE - March 2013 to April 2013

Newark, Delaware
Psychiatric Health Rotation, March 2013 - April 2013
● Round with doctors, nurses and social workers
● Sit in on group therapy sessions and activities as well as hold group discussions
● Counsel patients individually regarding medications and concerns

Nuclear Pharmacy - Clinical Rotation
Cardinal Health  -  Sharon Hill, PA - November 2012 to December 2012

Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania
Nuclear Pharmacy Rotation, November 2012 - December 2012
● Complete radiation spot checking
● Assist in packaging and testing of radioactive compounds
● Shadow pharmacists in filling radioactive compound orders
● Thoroughly complete routine cleaning of facility and equipment

Ambulatory Care - Clinical Rotation
Community Volunteers in Medicine  -  West Chester, PA - July 2012 to August 2012

West Chester, Pennsylvania
Ambulatory Care Rotation, July 2012 - August 2012
● Answer phones, fill prescriptions and complete refill requests.

● Participate in meetings with the nurses and doctors, including presenting drug comparisons and journal
clubs. Work closely with doctors and nurses for each patient with regards to regimen changes and any and
all medication questions
●  Counsel  patients  on  proper  medication  use,  including  insulin  pens  and  syringes.  Utilize  translators  as
needed.

Community Pharmacy - Clinical Rotation
Acme/SavOn Pharmacy  -  Media, PA - June 2012 to July 2012

Counsel patients on OTC and prescription medications
Take over the phone prescriptions and process all incoming prescriptions.
● Find potential interactions/adverse reactions and suggest alternatives to prescribers.

EDUCATION

Doctor of Pharmacy in Pharmacy
UNIVERSITY OF THE SCIENCES, PHILADELPHIA COLLEGE OF PHARMACY - Philadelphia, PA
January 2014

SKILLS

Microsoft Office (10+ years), Pharmaceutics (2 years), Siemens Pharmacy Program (3 years),
Pharmaceutical Compounding (5 years), Pharmacology (2 years), Management Skills (Less than 1 year),
Medication Counseling (3 years), Warfarin Management (2 years), Warfarin Management (1 year)

CERTIFICATIONS

CPR/AED
June 2016

