Shalini Shah

Clinical Pharmacist

Yardley, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shalini-Shah/e907c2be5050efd9

WORK EXPERIENCE

Clinical Pharmacist
Unisys  -  Trenton, NJ - August 2009 to December 2009

Performed prospective and retrospective drug utilization review.
• Identified and resolved drug related problems.
• Responded to 80+ telephone requests per day and conducted research to reach a decision on requests.
• Issued prior authorization according to established protocols.

Drug Information Specialist/ Clinical Editor
Thomson Reuters Healthcare  -  Montvale, NJ - March 2009 to June 2009

Applied clinical knowledge and expertise to review and update clinical content of Physicians' Desk Reference
products.
• Utilized medical guidelines and FDA labels to create new inserts for PDR Nurse's Drug Handbook.
• Participated in updating drug monographs in the Concise database with the most current information.
• Assisted other team pharmacists with projects to meet crucial deadlines.

Staff Pharmacist
Rite Aid Pharmacy  -  West Windsor, NJ - March 2007 to May 2008

Staff Pharmacist
CVS Pharmacy  -  Trenton, NJ - September 2006 to February 2007

Pharmacy Intern
CVS Pharmacy  -  East Windsor, NJ - June 2006 to September 2006

Communicated  with  healthcare  professionals  to  provide  optimal  patient  care  through  drug  therapy
management.
• Performed drug utilization reviews and adverse drug event monitoring to ensure patient safety.
• Provided patient counseling on prescription and OTC medications.
• Redesigned workflow to minimize errors and improve productivity.
• Improved drug-inventory management to eliminate outages and increase profits.

Experiential Rotations  -  Newark, NJ - March 2006 to April 2006

Developed drug monographs for the P & T Committee. Participated in updating clinical drug policies. Assisted
in reviewing patient cases and drug limits. Designed a depression in-service presentation for the Disease State
Management team. Attended clinical presentations and meetings.

Community Practice  -  Manville, NJ - February 2006 to March 2006

Entered  and  filled  prescription  orders;  provided  patient  counseling  on  prescription  and  OTC  medications;
transcribed telephone prescription orders; and received refill authorizations. Assisted pharmacists in resolving
third party reimbursement/ formulary/prior authorization issues. Communicated with physicians, nurses and
other health care professionals.

Capital Health System  -  Trenton, NJ - January 2006 to February 2006

Assessed critically ill patients and provided detailed pharmacotherapy recommendations based on physical
examination, laboratory and radiological studies. Performed brief physical assessments and provided patient
counseling. Participated in drug therapy optimization by collecting information regarding use and monitoring
parameters of specific drugs. Responded to Code Blue and Trauma Alerts with pharmacists. Provided drug
information to healthcare professionals. Attended daily Pharmacy Rounds, Morning Report, Noon Conferences
(educational presentations), and Grand Rounds.

Institutional Practice  -  Montclair, NJ - November 2005 to December 2005

Prepared  first-dose  and  IV  admixtures  using  aseptic  technique.  Restocked  Pyxis  machines  and  delivered
medications to patient care areas. Attended clinical presentations and in-services.

Internal Medicine  -  Flemington, NJ - October 2005 to November 2005

Evaluated medication regimens and developed alternative pharmaceutical care plans. Participated in drug
therapy  optimization  by  collecting  information  regarding  use  and  monitoring  parameters  of  specific  drugs.
Reported and monitored adverse drug interactions and provided patient counseling. Participated in a health
fair and several geriatric assessment programs in which drug information was provided to patients. Provided
drug information to healthcare professionals. Developed a drug monograph for the P & T Committee. Attended
Medical Grand Rounds, Morning Report, and a P & T Committee meeting.

Sanofi-Aventis  -  Bridgewater, NJ - July 2005 to August 2005

Actively participated with the team in daily activities through meetings, key projects, and assignments. Utilized
clinical knowledge to evaluate medical literature to respond to inquires. Applied clinical writing skills to update
medical letters.

Community Practice  -  South Plainfield, NJ - June 2005 to July 2005

Compounded  and  dispensed  prescription  orders;  provided  patient  counseling  on  prescription  and  OTC
medications; transcribed telephone prescription orders; and received refill authorizations. Communicated with
physicians, nurses and other health care professionals.

EDUCATION

Doctor of Pharmacy
State University of New Jersey
September 2000 to May 2006

Ernest Mario School of Pharmacy - Piscataway, NJ

