Veronica Robinson

Staff Pharmacist - Express Scripts

Medford, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Veronica-Robinson/a303d29bdd9d815e

Experienced  Licensed  Pharmacist  in  New  Jersey  with  fourteen  years  of  experience  providing  flawless
execution of pharmacy services in the retail and mail delivery settings. Efficient and quality oriented team
member among peers as well as an effective leader among support and technician groups.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
Express Scripts  -  Willingboro, NJ - October 2001 to Present

Active, contributing member of a pharmacy operations group that dispenses over one million prescriptions
weekly with outstanding quality.
• Supervise and audit pharmacy technicians in multiple areas of automated dispensing and manual dispensing,
including bulk and preparation and computer assisted dispensing.
• Audit automated processes to ensure quality output.
• Review and complete orders requiring special attention for patient specific requests in the quality assurance
area.
•  Perform  product  verification  on  manually  dispensed  orders  filled  by  technicians  for  accuracy  and
pharmaceutical elegance.
• Complete drug utilization review of prescriptions and make doctor and patient calls as necessary.
• Adhere to all state and federal pharmacy laws and Good Manufacturing Practices.

Pharmacist -in -Charge and Staff Pharmacist
CVS Pharmacy - May 1998 to October 2001

Responsible for dispensing prescriptions in accordance with state and federal pharmacy laws.
• Hired and scheduled technicians in accordance with business needs.
• Maintained narcotic inventory and ordering.
• Provided timely and customer focused service in a 24 hour fast paced pharmacy.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
• World Class Pharmacy and Lean Manufacturing Training.
• Six Sigma Green Belt certification. Successfully completed project as Team Leader.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science
Rutgers University, College of Pharmacy - New Brunswick, NJ
1998

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CORE COMPETENCIES

Flexible Customer Focused
Cooperative Reliable

Quality Oriented Time Conscience
Attention to Detail Maintains Respect and Integrity

