Anthony Kuncas

Entry Level Mechanical Engineer

Cinnaminson, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anthony-Kuncas/633a9c4b3bf3a992

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Infrastructure/Equipment Support admin
Dave's Swift Print  -  Westville, NJ - 2006 to 2016
● Reviewed equipment purchases, identified needs and developed specifications
● Troubleshot all computer, networking and printing problems
● Performed scheduled maintenance on mechanical equipment and provided day-to-day technical
support.
● Became familiar with the inner workings of complex machines and their process flow.
● Replaced parts when available and fabricated them when necessary

IT Associate
CDT Business Systems LCC  -  Mount Ephraim, NJ - June 2014 to September 2014
● Installed hardware and software in diverse locations.
● Responsible for resolving problems with setting up new multi-function devices and connecting them
to net works, or setting up new networks when necessary.
● Provided Training and post-installation support to end user.

Senior Design Project in Rutgers Mechanical Engineering
Servo Controlled Soft Singing Robot  -  New Brunswick, NJ - September 2012 to March 2013
● Designed and prototyped a rubber instrument that mimicked the sound producing properties of the
human vocal folds and controlled the tone and air flow with a robot.
● Managed team of students including distributing tasks and leading meetings, purchasing, project
budget and updating stakeholders on deliverable.
● Performed a vibrational analysis on the sound producing membrane
● Specked pneumatic components, servos, Arduino, and an appropriate rubber.

Laboratory Assistant
Research at Rutgers Camden  -  Camden, NJ - June 2010 to August 2010
● Assisted in the creation of thin films through laser ablation
● Worked with Labview, and other software to control equipment
● Worked with standard laboratory chemicals and liquid nitrogen
● Maintained the integrity of the lab to REHS standards to help insure safety while working
● Assisted in the setup of experimental apparatus, and helped troubleshoot problems

Rutgers Computing Help Desk
Rutgers Camden Campus  -  Camden, NJ - September 2008 to March 2010
● Troubleshot and resolved software and hardware issues for students and faculty in a timely manner,
providing support via phone and in person.
● Kept record of all activities with university’s ticketing program.

EDUCATION

BS in Mechanical Engineering
Rutgers University
2015

SKILLS

Solidworks, Excel, Windows, Mac, Linux, Unix, Matlab, Labview, design, Prototyping, Measurement
Equipment, 3D printer, machine shop, DMM, design, strain guages, thermocouples, oscilloscopes, volume
flow meters, optical equipment, spectrometer, electron microscope, micrometer

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

●  Solidworks  ●  design  ●  Matlab  ●  Sagemath  ●  LabVIEW  ●  control  theory  ●  Mental  visualization  of
mechanical workings ● Windows/Mac/Linux. ● Excel ● Word ● PowerPoint ● mechanical
prototyping  ●  3D  Printer  ●  machine  shop  ●  lab  and  measurement  equipment  –  DMM,  strain  gauges,
thermocouples,  oscilloscopes,  volume  flow  meters,  optical  equipment,  spectrometer,  electron  microscope,
micrometer.

