Arjan Xhelo

Process Engineer - Sweet Ovations/ Zentis North America

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arjan-Xhelo/f57f630fc59c218b

To  apply  scientific  and  engineering  principles  in  food  industry.Provide  technical  support  with  objective  to
improve  established  processes  and  implement  new  processes  to  reduce  operating  costs  and  increase
efficiency and quality.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Process Engineer
Sweet Ovations/ Zentis North America  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2013 to Present

Duties:Working on process flow, formula revision, scale ups process, updating and creating of new and existing
SOPs for reducing quality issues and making process
flow more efficient.Responsible for calibration, validations and documentations of equipment lines.
Leading the Scale up -Review-Transfer team consists of R&D, Process Engineering &Planning, Quality QA/
QC and Production groups.
Primary responsible on recipe management, creating and reviewing recipes in SAP system and PLC control.
Rework utilization resposiblility including planining actual usage, labeling and cosumption report, keeping the
best quality on the finish good product.Working with R&D group making rework formula.

Quality Assurance Technologist
Sweet Ovations/ Zentis North America  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2012 to 2013

Duties: Assure timely, accurately analysis of raw materials and finished products through internal, chemical
and physical testing as well as microbiological analysis.
Maintined records of finished product and raw materials analysis.
Conduct SPC analysis of raw material s and finnished product analytical data.
Assisted in ivestigation of production problems.
Mantained laboratory supplies.
Monitored sanitation and good manufacturing Practices in production areas.
Monitored HACCP compliance.
Conducted on line QA checks such as metal detector, net weights, temperatures, codes etc
Obtained appropriate number of samples for microbiological testing, 24 hour testing and retention.
Conduct on line analytic tests such as brix and pH.
Notified production supervisor and QA supervisor of line deviations.
Conducted lab tests such as fruit ID and back up for 24 hours analysis.
Conducted on line analytic tests such as viscosity
Back up for microbiologist.
Placed product on hold as necessary.
Allergen swab equipment and documentation and performed environmental microbiological tests.
Calibrate test equipment, such as pH meter, refractometer etc and record result.
Maintained cleanliness and orderliness of lab.

Food Technologist /Inspector
Food Research Institute of Albania - 2005 to 2007

Duties:  Alayzed  product  samples  before  the  products  were  sent  to  market.  Provided  all  products  met
the  standard  requirements  of  quality  and  food  defense  set  forth  by  the  Agriculture  and  Food  Ministry  of
Albania.Advised the food company managers on food safety.
Maintained integrity of laboratory environment through accurate test design and set up, good sanitary practices
(GMPs) and maintenance of equipment in good working order.

Food Technologist /Production Manager
SEJEGA  -  Tirana - 2003 to 2005

Duties: Directed the product line of fruits, vegetables and beverages.
Guidance with the development of process plans for products, including personnel requirement and material
needs
Directing operational and manufacturing problems to ensure minimum costs and prevent operational delays
Effective  Communication  to  employees,  quality  teams,  and  corporate  to  ensure  that  business  objectives,
priorities, results, initiatives, changes, etc.. are met and conveyed.
Controlled and monitored the whole process lines. Organized the worked of other employees within the process
lines. Made sure that hygienic condition, storage and procedures were maintained during the packaging and
processing of food.
participated in researching of new products. Analyzed and designed
ingredients and nutrition and labeling.

EDUCATION

Community College of Philadelphia
2009 to 2012

Bachelor's in Food Science and Food Technology
Agricultural University of Tirana
2000 to 2005

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Remarkably  gifted  and  knowledgeable  Food  Technologist  and  Process  Engineering  with  over  8  years
experience  in  conducting  experiments  and  producing  sample  products,  monitoring  scale  ups  as  well  as
designing the processes and machinery for making products with a consistent flavor, color and texture in large
quantities.

Summary of Qualifications: Profound training and experience in the use of statistical process control and design
of experiments.Project leader on various projects of improving quality and efficiency of manufacturing process,
managing the cost and time constrains of projects.Support and troubleshooting of all manufacturing process
and process control systems on aseptic lines batch lines and conventional lines.Continues improvement of
the manufacturing including the new technologies.

*Experience working with goverment and auditing agenies
*Skilled in identify characteristics of food combination and ingredients and finished product.
*Strong interpersonal skills.
*Specialized training in HACCP, GMPs OSHA and SQF.
*Certificate level 1 Leadership trainning.
*Certificate Gemba Kaisen 6S
*Alchemy annual training.

*CPR Certification and First Response.
*Strong knowledge of Aseptic (HTST) Processing Systems and requirements.
*Knowledge of HMI, Scada, Proficy, iFix)and data archiving systems.

*Computer skills (SAP, Microsoft Office, Excel, Power Point, Word, Outlook)
* Forklift training.

