David Amadio

Network/ VMware and Windows Architect (Consultant) - Merrill Lynch

Sewell, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Amadio/72656270e014843b

Motivated  hardworking  individual  seeking  a  position  as  a  Sr.  Windows  and  VMware  Engineer  /  System
Analyst that utilizes my unique mix of VMWARE VSPHERE skills, in-depth Microsoft server knowledge, LAN
administration skills and Internet application experience.
Web Page: http://home.comcast.net/~davidamadio/

WORK EXPERIENCE

BladeLogic Opeations Engineer
Bank of America Merrill Lynch  -  Hopewell, NJ - January 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
BladeLogic  Operations  Engineer  Maintaining  the  Linux  environment  and  application  for  BMC  BladeLogic
(8.3.170),  building  severs,  installing  BladeLogic  updates,  managing  the  console,  creating  roles,  managing
RBACAdmin, building scripts in jobs and depot, Oracle SQL Query, scheduling jobs, fixing agents, updating
ACLs. Supporting the console install and the Citrix environment for remote users.

Accomplishments
Upgraded  environment  from  8.3  to  8.3.170,  Supporting  100k  servers  in  environment  one  of  the  biggest
BMC BladeLogic environments, managing weekly releases/system updates, support of hardware, SAN and
volumes. 

Skills Used
Red Hat Linux, Oracle SQL, BMC BladeLogic, Scripting

Network/ VMware and Windows Architect (Consultant)
Merrill Lynch  -  Hopewell, NJ - April 2011 to Present

VMware specialist building VM servers on 4.1 ESX servers W2K3 & W2K8.
*  Key  VMware  Team  lead  on  the  Data  Center  Consolidation  Project.  The  Goal  to  virtualized  hundreds  of
Physical Servers to Virtual Machines across the eight Virtual Centers in the Environment
* P2V using converter tool to create VM servers from the physical server.
* Create templates in Virtual Center to create standard server builds.
* Responsible for installing all supporting applications on VM servers: SQL 2005 & 2008, TFS, Visual Studios
2005 & 2010, CA SiteMinder (registering with Policy Server and creating realms), SQL Reporting Services,
Cognos, Shadow Direct, etc..
* Bring up VM on power outages, Blade Servers BL460 & BL680, Manage Virtual Connect and ILO.
* Install IIS 6.0 & 7.0 on Windows Servers, test IIS and resolve any IIS issues.
* Complete projects as required: P2V conversion of 400 servers, shut down and remove decommissioned
servers, make changes in Virtual Center, move VM to correct data-store and ESX host.
* Manage the ESX4.1 Environment includes the use of RVtools, VeamProducts and Powercli for reporting
and building ESX servers. Additionally automate functions such as V2V, Vmotion, Svmotion, Clusters and
Datastores.

Senior Web Administrator of Production Web Sites - Consultant
Comcast Cable  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2011 to April 2011

Web Site Administrator/Systems Engineer for production and non-production web sites at Comcast.
* Install production web site updates for Comcast.com, DTA web site, etc on W2K3 IIS6.0.
* Manage projects for web site servers: Update MS Security Patches, SQL Server Updates and Patches, and
IIS6.0 Configuration Changes.
* Deploy SQL Database updates via VB scripts.
* Manage DNS updates and firewall changes for web applications.
* Trouble shoot web site failure issues.

Senior Web Administrator / Systems Engineer - Associate Vice President
Merrill Lynch  -  Hopewell, NJ - November 2005 to January 2011

Web Site Administrator/Systems Engineer for production and non-production web sites in Merrill's Banking
Division.
*  Working  on  IIS  6.0  on  Windows  2003  servers  installing  and  trouble  shooting  web  sites  setting  up  Host
Headers, Server Certificates, SSL 443, MMC & Certificate Store, DNS, Virtual Directories, FTP, .net versioning,
Service Extensions, IIS, Setting up Firewall Access through different ports (80, 443, 1414, etc..).
*  Closely  working  with  the  developers  installing  &  using:  Visual  Studio,  Oracle,  SQL  Server  2000,  Crystal
Reports,  SQL  Reporting  Tool,  ODBC  Settings  &  Drives,  Cognos,  MS  Access,  MQ  Client,  Shadow  Direct
(mainframe  connectivity),  CA  Big  Fix,  NetIQ,  IIS,  SSL  Certificates,  Legato  Backup,  NetBackup,  FTP,  CA
Unicenter DSM Explorer, Autosys, .Net Framework (machine.config), Visual Basic Scripting, CA SiteMinder,
DNS, MS Clustering Services, NetScaler (Load Balancing), HP BL460 Servers, and VM Ware Servers ESX
& GSX.
* In addition I'm responsible for building, configuring and maintaining the servers for the Banking Division.
Some are Cluster servers for SQL and other applications that require more fault tolerance using Windows
Cluster Administration to set-up drives, shares, and other cluster dependent resources. In addition, I do SA
work on the server setting up groups, shares, access rights, and installing MSI packages.
* The bulk of the hardware consists of HP Compaq blade servers, with some IBM, and Dell equipment. All
running with mirrored disk and connected to the SAN (PowerPath). With ILO connections to the HP servers.
* I also take care of the disaster recovery for Banking, updating all of the applications in D&R making sure
they are available in case of an emergency.
* I have done a number of major projects for Banking: converting users to Thomson One from ILX (includes:
testing, creating the install package, deployment, documentation, negotiating pricing, and training), UNICA
install and configuration, SAS Windows Install, Mapping out of environments and application flows with Visio
diagrams, and was part of one of the largest application roll-outs in the history of Bank of America working on
the integrating ML's rapid check clearing process through its ATM machines.
* Heavy into documentation for all kinds of process doing run-books for applications needing to be installed
into production including Visio diagrams and mapping out environments.

Senior Technology Specialist
Towers Perrin  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 1998 to October 2005

Tier two support responsible for keeping web sites up and trouble shooting IIS 5.0 & 6.0, D-COMM, Load
Balancing, .Net Framework , WebLogic and Certificates.
* Web application deployments/upgrades (Safe Source, Site Server, DCOM, MSI) and monitoring with NetIQ,
Tea Leaf, Site Minder and Mercury Topaz.
* Network Administrator for Active Directory and the Novell environment.
* Conversion of Novell boxes to Windows 2000 Advanced Server.
*  My  work  on  servers  encompasses:  installing,  trouble-shooting,  operating  systems  upgrades,  hardware
replacements, maintenance, virus protection and tape backups (Arcserve Windows NT, 2000, 2003 & Novell).
* Personally responsible for installing and building/supporting over 400 (Windows NT, 2000, 2003 & Novell)
servers in offices across the country and building some with VMWARE.

* I have experience installing Oracle, SQL 7.0, SSL Certs and People Soft onto a number of servers.
* Responsible for corporate wide standards implementation/roll-out of: ISS security patches, virus protection,
tape backup (hardware/software), desktop build, and server upgrades.
*  Have  experience  with  many  types  of  server  hardware.  Current  server  hardware  standards  are  Compaq
Proliant raid 5 and IBM NetServers.
* I have managed a number of large projects for Towers Perrin: Private IP 10.x, Novell upgrade to eDir 5.1,
pcAnywhere updates, SAN - Storage Area Network for our Oracle database, Virus protection for all Novell
& Windows servers, Xerox Printers attached to the LAN, Disaster recovery coordinator and group manger,
and several server application upgrades.Administrator /support for 3rd party and in-house applications with
Oracle, SQL, IIS 6.0 and Web Logic.
* On a routine basis I complete upgrades to applications and supporting software across multiple platforms:
Unix, Novell, MS Windows NT/2000/2003.
*  I  have  worked  with  and  have  experience  with  the  following  applications  and  hardware:  Windows  2000
Servers,  Active  Directory,  Windows  NT,  Novell  4.1x  /5.1/eDir,  Database  Design,  UNIX.  HTML,  Microsoft
Access, Clarion, Basic, Pascal, COBOL, C, dBASE, Visual Basic, WebLogic, IIS, Tea Leaf, NetIQ, Network
Associates Server Sensor, Citix Medaframe, Lotus Notes, Lotus 1-2-3, WordPerfect, Windows, Excel, Word,
Visio, pcANYWHERE, McAfee, HP JetAdmin, COMPAQ Insight Manager, ARCserve NT & Novell. Compaq
SAN Storage Works, CISCO Switches, Xylan Switches, 3-COM Hubs (Token Ring, Ethernet, RMON), CSU/
DSU,  Compaq  file  servers  Raid  5,  Compaq/ADIC  40/80  DLT  Tap  Libraries,  Super  DLT,  Modems,  Phone
Systems.

Manager of Information Systems
CFM Technologies, Inc - July 1997 to March 1998

PA
* Coordinated four computer systems professionals to support 450-computer user base.
* In charge of company WAN consisting of: routers, hubs, fiber, and laser links.
* Including the building of and installation of: Novell, Windows NT and Unix file servers. Including all telecom
links into and out of the company.
* Worked to better the company by instituting CFM's first Intranet, and by reducing CFM's budget by $100k
based on phone bill and computer system price reductions.

Director of MIS
Concorde Inc - September 1994 to July 1997

PA
* Computer systems programmer setting up databases with communication link-ups to track employee drug
testing.
*  Worked  on  contracts  for  CONRAIL,  S.E.P.T.A.,  D.O.T.,  and  the  D.O.I.  Providing  these  companies  with
testing  results  in  24hrs  and  all  the  proper  paper  work  via  fax  automatically  sent  out  thorough  our  LAN
system.Developed database that received electronic downloads of drug results via phone modem on a daily
basis. This system was completely automated, scripts were made to automatically dial up the lab and down-
load the results. The system took a raw ASCII file delimited by special characters and converted it to match the
specifications of the database. This program also included the use of dBASE and Clipper for some automation
processes.
*  Developed  a  program  to  automatically  transfer  our  billing  to  a  COBOL  format  for  customers  with  these
systems, to speed up payment and to automate customer data-input. In addition have completed C++ programs
for menus and for complexcalculations.

Expediting Manager/Operations LAN Manager
Universal Process Equipment - July 1989 to September 1994

NJ
* Designed company wide database to organize customer order flow and to coordinate the efforts of various
departments. Providing the company with a means of tracking: finances, cost accounting, and timeliness of
shipments.Novell Network Administrator for over five years on a 100 user network.
* Purchased and installed Novell Network including wiring and the installation of work-stations.
*  On  committee  to  set-up  AS400  to  connect  LAN  systems  and  to  convert  IBM  system  36  data  to  new
mainframe.
* Secondary position was managing the expediting of domestic sales. This included scheduling all work in the
shop and acting as manger when the Shop Manager was not present.
* I was also responsible for managing the Customer Service Department and the Operations Department when
either manager was absent. Being expediter my experiences included setting up the transportation of this
equipment to domestic sites as well as international sites. Some of these shipments were priced well over a
hundred thousand dollars.
* I worked out pricing with freight forwarding companies and trucking companies for these shipments. Shipping
chemical equipment from the Netherlands to Australia.

EDUCATION

Learning Tree International
November 2009

Associate
Computer Learning Center - Philadelphia, PA
May 1994

C.I.C. in Computer Science
Millersville University - Millersville, PA
August 1989

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills

MS Active Directory, Arcserve CA, Autosys, Bigfix, Certificate Authority, HP Compaq Servers, IIS 6.0, MS
Visual Studios, Novell Directory services, Windows Administration, SQL Server, Visual Basic Scripting, Visual
Source Safe, Weblogic, Windows 2003 Server, NetScaler, 3DNS, CA Unicenter DSM Explorer

