David Guerrero

Chief Flight Engineer - U.S. Air Force, Joint Base McGuire

Westampton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Guerrero/db79477965622f58

WORK EXPERIENCE

Chief Flight Engineer, KC-10 Standardization and Evaluation
U.S. Air Force  -  McGuire AFB, NJ - 2010 to Present

Evaluated squadron flight engineer training programs for their ability to meet the unit's present and future needs
by conducting flight and simulator evaluations. Accomplished aircraft ground servicing and maintenance as
necessary. Served as aircraft ground manager which coordinated and directed ground operations. Formally
trained in Crew Resource Management (CRM), in-flight emergency procedures, aircraft security, and chemical
warfare defense. Performed mission and fuel planning, calculated all aircraft performance equations including
weight and balance, and monitored in-flight aircraft systems status. Computed and analyzed real-time data
to ensure successful mission
completion. Performed pre-flight and post-flight aircraft inspections and completed all necessary records and
documentation. Red-X qualified.
-Managed and evaluated flight manuals program ensuring compliance with all MAJCOM regulations.
-Ensured  capability  was  maintained  to  accomplish  a  wide  variety  of  JCS-directed  worldwide  operational
taskings.
-Managed  Flight  Engineer  Evaluation  team  and  conducted  in-depth  aircraft  and  simulator  evaluations.
Analyzed performance trends and data to identify critical training areas.
-Ensured  squadron  capabilities  were  maintained  to  accomplish  a  wide  variety  of  JCS-directed  worldwide
operational taskings.

Chief Instructor, KC-10 Training
U.S. Air Force  -  McGuire AFB, NJ - 2008 to 2010

Developed, managed and implemented plans, policies and procedures for training. Ensured crewmembers
maintained mission-ready by scheduling and prioritizing training requirements. Provided quality control of all
mission reports, training documents and administered career counseling.
-Logged over 300 instructor hours. Solely responsible for the initial qualification of 12 new Flight Engineers.
-Reviewed and updated training documentation and procedures which directly resulted in "No
Discrepancies" during annual Staff Assistance Visits.

NCOIC, Mission Control and Scheduling
U.S. Air Force  -  McGuire AFB, NJ - 2004 to 2008

Directly responsible for the scheduling, monitoring and execution of missions encompassing over 12,000 flying
hours per year. Additionally responsible for the scheduling and tracking of 3,000 ground and flying training
requirements annually for over 120 aircrew members across three career fields. Developed briefings, formal
reports and slides presentations using Microsoft Office Suite to illustrate real-time data.

NCOIC, Squadron Safety
U.S. Air Force  -  McGuire AFB, NJ - 1999 to 2004

Administered the unit's aviation safety program by conducting inspections and assessments to identify possible
hazards. Participated in unit-level mission planning to ensure that hazard identification, risk assessment, and
integration of controls were addressed by utilizing effective Operational Risk Management.
-Command's Safety Office of the Year for 2002 & 2003

C-141B Flight Engineer
U.S. Air Force  -  McGuire AFB, NJ - 1996 to 1999

Computed  normal  and  emergency  aircraft  performance  data  to  include  weight  and  balance.  Performed
critical aircraft preflight, thru-flight, and post-flight inspections. Controlled/monitored aircraft systems in flight.
Coordinated  and  accomplished  emergency  procedures.  Supervised  and  performed  required  maintenance/
servicing at austere locations. Flew worldwide mission in support of the White House, Department of State
and Defense, Drug Enforcement Agency, and many other governmental department/agencies.

Aerospance Repair Journeyman
U.S. Air Force  -  McGuire AFB, NJ - 1992 to 1996

Inspected  aircraft  structures,  systems,  components,  and  support  equipment.  Supervised  and  performed
aircraft and component inspections. Interpreted inspection findings and determined adequacy of corrective
actions. Inspected and checked components for clearances, tolerances, proper installation, and operation.
Inspected and operated
powered  and  non-powered  aerospace  ground  equipment.  Inspected  and  identified  aircraft  corrosion  for
prevention and correction. Reviewed maintenance forms, aircraft records, and reports to ensure complete
documentation.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Professional Aeronautics
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University - Daytona Beach, FL
2009

A.S. in Aviation Operations
Community College of the Air Force
1999

A.S. in Aircraft Maintenance Technology
Community College of the Air Force
1995

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: Air Force
Rank: MSgt (E-7)
August 1992 to Present

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Military-trained  Instructor/Evaluator  Flight  Engineer  offering  more  than  20  years  of  experience  working  on
airlift/air refueling aircraft and more than 16 years on aircrew scheduling, training, and evaluations. Air Mobility
Operations experience includes airlift, air refueling, aeromedical evacuation, air mobility planning and support.
Excellent knowledge of Microsoft Office applications, GDSSII, and Air Force Doctrine. Bachelors of Science
degree  in  Professional  Aeronautics  from  Embry-Riddle  Aeronautical  University  with  Minor/Certification  in
Aviation Safety. Current Top Secret/SCI.

Skills

-Expert  knowledge  of  aircrew  flight  requirements  including  flight  plans,  weather,  NOTAMs,  HAZMAT,  and
weight and balance.
-Exemplary soft skills in leadership, management and process development.
-Excellent technical aptitude, organizational and planning abilities
-Thorough knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite Applications

