David Biondo

Project/Process Engineer

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Biondo/4ff5005bf7fcf0ef

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Engineer/M&R Engineer
Kraft Foods  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2009 to Present

Managed capital projects to improve the productivity of Bakery Production Lines including Mixers, Cut-sheet
Laminators, Rotary Molders, Conveyors, Cream Votators, Depositors, Cooling Tunnels, Toppers, Sprayers,
and Packaging Equipment. My projects were focused on Project Management, Equipment Installation and
Start-up, Control Automation, and follow-up Maintenance and Operations Training in a GMP plant. My projects
ranged from $22k to $1.1MM totaling $4.7MM in annual, managed Capital and Expense.

Key Accomplishments
• Icing Processing System Redesign/Upgrade: On-target implementation of $1.1MM, 2-phase system upgrade
within an existing production line including PLC and motor controls, tanks, piping, cooling/heating utilities, and
specialized process equipment. The project requirement to provide reliable, increased capacity equipment with
more precise, user-friendly process controls was realized on-time, on-quality, and on-budget.
• Dough Forming Machinery Replacement: Design, layout, and installation of $255k rotary dough molder, feed
conveyors, and related controls. A novel, reciprocating dough feed conveyor design provided an additional
quality  benefit  of  improved  level  and  product  weight  control.  The  new  system,  after  enhancing  the  OEM
controls, has performed to project expectations producing consistent and controllable product.
• Ingredient Water System Redesign/Upgrade: Redesign and implementation of a $175k improvement project
to  insure  consistent  hot  water  ingredient  deliveries  to  7  independent  mixer  groups.  The  existing  tanks,
piping system, valves, and pumps were redesigned for capacity/pressure drop and split to reduce downtime
associated with delivery queues. Enhanced PLC controls provided constant temperature, level/refill control,
and monitored pressure to boost municipal water supply if needed. On-time, on-quality, and on-budget.

Process/Project Engineer
CVC Chemicals  -  Maple Shade, NJ - 2007 to 2009

Manufactured Epoxy Resins and Urea Curatives using a batch-wise reactor train and downstream process
equipment  such  as  Centrifuges,  Extruder/Peletizers,  and  Belt  Dryers.  My  projects  were  focused  on  Plant
Expansion, Cooling Capacity and Supply, Toll Manufacturing, Batch Distillation, Condenser Recovery, Phase
Separations, PLC/HMI Programs, Process Control, Data Analysis, and Wastewater Treatment.

Key Accomplishments
• Plant Expansion: Compiled and presented the feasible scenarios for a 3-6 MMlb/yr plant expansion as based
on process step timing, product mix, logistics, and demand forecast. Completed preliminary design, process
flow diagram (PFD), layout, and equipment list utilizing limited plant space. Completed and presented financial
analysis to compare preliminary cost estimates to my justified payback investment calculation. Project placed
on hold to seek funding.
• Cooling Capacity and Supply: Performed overall heat balance and pressure drop calculations for existing
and expansion plant scenarios to address cooling deficiencies associated with exothermic batch reactions
and cooling water supply pipe network. Installed an additional 150 ton chiller and redesigned pipe network to
segregate critical cooling flows by process area and function. This $275k project was financially justified using
time savings and the advantages of improved temperature control and consistency.

• Wastewater Treatment: Assembled and evaluated various treatment design options to reclaim funds spent
on offsite wastewater treatment. Completed a cost benefit analysis to identify process trade offs and identify
the lowest operational costs. A material balance was assembled to determine the required system capacity
and total operating hours. A $300k packaged wastewater stripping system was justified using current off-site
treatment costs as the opportunity savings.
•  Process  Optimization:  1.  Reorganized  process  data  point  collection  and  added  critical  data  points
within  existing  data  historian  to  give  production  more  effective  trouble-shooting  tools.  2.  Installed  process
instrumentation  (flows,  temperature,  control  valves)  and  operator  control  screens  to  existing  HMI/PLC  to
enhance  pressure  control  and  to  provide  estimates  of  exothermic  heat  removal  to  improve  batch-to-batch
consistency. 3. Evaluated the performance of various Filter designs (stacked plate, plate and frame, cartridge),
Centrifuges (decanting, tubular bowl, solids ejecting), and Reactive Extrusion and Pelletization.

Process Engineer
ARKEMA, Inc  -  Bristol, PA - 2004 to 2007

Provided technical and engineering support for the production of PMMA polymers and acrylate impact modifier
copolymers  using  semi-batch  emulsion  polymer  reactors,  batch-continuous  bulk  polymer  reactors,  spray
dryers,  rotary  atomizers,  and  extruder  pelletizers.  My  projects  were  focused  on  Dense  and  Dilute  Phase
Powder Conveying, Spray Dryer Clean-in-Place System, DCS Programs (Honeywell, DeltaV), Raw Material
Metering and Additive Handling Systems, New Product and Process Scale-up Trials, and Process Hazards
Analysis (PHA).

Key Accomplishments
• Pneumatic Conveying De-bottleneck: Identified excessive downtime hours due to blocked conveying lines on
10,000 lb/hr emulsion spray drying system. Performed calculations for existing system's conveying capacity
and made recommendation for a new, larger conveying fan. Managed the $40k blower and instrumentation
upgrade  project  along  with  Reliability  Engineering  department.  Tracked  post-installation  performance  with
results recovering 300 production hours per year ($220k annual savings).
• Spray Dryer Clean-in-Place: Installed a safe, reliable high-pressure water blast cleaning system to eliminate
the ergonomic risks associated with a manual scraping operation. Trialed and presented numerous cleaning
options (air pulse, low/high pressure water nozzles). Designed and installed 6000 psig extending, rotating
water jet system to clean 24' diameter spray drying chamber. Completed layout, pipe design (XXS), electrical
control/interlock logic, equipment quotation, and MOC/HAZOP/Layers of Protection Analysis for the standard
operating procedure. Installation and start up of this $275k project was successful and equipment performs
as specified.
• Process Optimization: 1. Programmed DCS and installed control valve to execute a pump flush routine for a
maintenance-intensive progressive cavity pump. 2. Installed a mass flow meter in an existing gain-in-weight
raw material metering system to improve accuracy and batch-to-batch consistency. 3. Completed numerous
equipment  and  product  application  trials  requiring  scale-up,  technical  support,  PFD  revision,  training,  and
supervision, and detailed reporting and feedback.

Pilot Plant Engineer
ARKEMA, Inc  -  King of Prussia, PA - 2000 to 2004

Responsible  for  all  pilot  plant  related  process  and  safety  engineering,  project  and  resource  management,
experimental  design,  scale-up  /  scale-down,  and  progress  reporting  in  the  pilot-scale  production  of  Kynar
Fluoroploymers,  PMMA  polymers,  Acrylate  copolymers,  Sulfonyl  Chlorides,  and  other  Organic  Chemistry
(amine  oxides,  hydroxyl  amines).  My  projects  were  focused  on  Condensed  Monomer  Transfer  Systems,
Equipment Installation and Start-up, Design/Install of a 500-gallon Multi-purpose Unit, Pilot-scale equipment
trials for plant-scale applications (Filters, Wiped Film Evaporators, Coagulators, Thickeners, Spray Dryers,
Packed Column, In-line Emulsifiers, Static Mixers, Vortex Scrubber, and Vented Extrusion).

Key Accomplishments
• Monomer Transfer System: Completed design and implementation of a $90k stand-alone monomer transfer
unit  to  reduce  existing  system  complexity  and  increase  pilot  plant  reliability  and  safety.  Incorporated  PHA
findings into the final design including gas detection alarms, pressure relief devices, and fail-safe interlocks.
Start-up successful resulting in reliable operation.
• Turbulaire Scrubber Installation and Trials: Managed and supervised installation of a 5000 cfm air scrubber for
pilot-scale testing of a proposed plant installation ($260k). Completed layout and placement of equipment for
utility and process connections. Integrated new instrumentation into existing process control DCS. Completed
management of change, safety review, procedures for the successful start-up of this new equipment. Managed
trial resources and execution of experimental runs to confirm the operation of the scrubber unit. Reported
operational data and process challenges to commercial plant management.
• Production Support: 1. Coordinated daily operations to efficiently execute multiple, concurrent project trials.
2. Supervision/direction of 10 personnel (operators, mechanics, technicians) for a 2-shift, 5-day schedule. 3.
Managed capital project appropriations/expenditures and expense budget.

Rotating Engineer
ARKEMA, INC  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1999 to 2000

• Financial Analyst - Performed new product/process financial analysis providing net present value, favorable
product selling price, and expense justification.
• Process Engineer - Developed operational limits (SPC/SQC) for a chemical Hydroxyl-polybutadiene process
using statistical analysis of early process development work.

Process Engineer
General Chemical Corp  -  Claymont, DE - 1998 to 1999

• Maintained daily operations for all phases of the chemical production process for a sulfuric acid production
and regeneration plant. Developed optimization strategies to de-bottleneck systems.

Process Engineer - Intern
Mobil Oil Corp  -  Paulsboro, NJ - 1997 to 1998

• Performed column internal design and performance simulations, field pressure and temperature surveys,
and various trouble-shooting and improvement functions.
• Implemented an online heat exchanger monitoring program to provide improved cleaning efficiency thereby
reducing fuel gas consumption.

Technical Services Engineer - Intern
Sunoco, Inc  -  Marcus Hook, PA - January 1994 to January 1995

•  Provided  technical/engineering  support  throughout  refinery  with  focus  on  gasoline  blender  operations,
process, and analyzers.
• Performed refinery troubleshooting and improvement tasks, using piping and instrument diagrams (P&ID)
and self-generated drawings (CAD) and process flow diagrams (PFD).

EDUCATION

Lean Six Sigma Black Belt Certification in Process Improvement
Villanova University - Philadelphia, PA
2010 to 2011

Project Management Professional Master Certification in Project Management

Villanova University - Philadelphia, PA
2009 to 2010

Master of Business Administration in Finance
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
2003 to 2006

Bachelors of Science in Chemical Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
1993 to 1998

