Dorothea Blackwell

QA/Doc Control Assistant - Joule Clinical & Scientific Staffing

Norristown, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dorothea-Blackwell/91b0ae81c6488b2f

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Quality Assurance/Document Control Assistant
Joule Clinical & Scientific Staffing  -  Horsham, PA - March 2016 to Present

• 21 CFR 11 - QMS File Management via Track Wise
• Track Change Control progress
• Convert Word and Excel documents to PDF's and upload files from Track Wise to QA file shares
• Prepare batch records for achieving and offsite storage
• Create and maintain Excel spreadsheets to track progress of QA/QC projects in order to better manage
resources

Data Entry Assistant
CKhobbiegroup Agency/Merck Co  -  West Point, PA - March 2015 to January 2016

Perform data entry for batch records in XMII and MES databases.
● Clear up batch record data entry backlog.
●  Perform  quality  review  of  batch  records  and  SOP's  to  ensure  compliance  with  company  policies  and
procedures.
●  Maintain  tracking  spreadsheet  of  leading  measure  summaries  on  document  room  activities  on  monthly
bases by batch identifier for analytical purposes.
● Work with operations technicians to ensure that batch records are clearly labeled, filed, and stored properly.
● Enter laboratory results into SAP/LIMS database.
● Prepare weekly LIMS paperwork for Sample Deliveries.
● Create and populate EC schedules associated with processes for environmental monitoring in LIMS and
HanDEL.
● Manage Vent Filter Room.
● Write, update, and maintain SOP's and train managers and technicians on the vent filter delivery processes.
●  Created  and  maintained  Excel  spreadsheets,  compiling  measureable  information  on  personnel
performances throughout the vent filter delivery process. Used pivot tables and charts, to track issues, actions,
and resolutions, for analysis of information on weekly, monthly and quarterly bases, to assist managers in
counseling and disciplines, and to develop and enact better quality processes.
● Assist in change order process

Administrative Assistant
Randstad Staffing/GSK  -  King of Prussia, PA - October 2014 to January 2015

Prepare manufacturing documents for change order process
● Research drug submission documents for the preparation of redaction of critical information.
● Redacted appropriate information from drug submission documents.
● Verified document information and entered results in the appropriate spreadsheets.
● Transferred regulatory documents from company database to file share folders.

Regulatory Affairs Specialist

Volt Agency/VWR  -  Radnor, PA - April 2014 to May 2014

Coordinated efforts that identified company vendors whose products were subject to new GHS regulations
requiring vendors to update their Material Safety Data Sheets, and produce and/or update their labeling for
hazardous chemicals.
●  Liaison  with  company  vendors  and  assisted  in  organizing  the  GHS  program  ensuring  the  vendor's
compliance  with  and  completion  of  the  required  hazard  reclassification  of  GHS  styled  labels  and  the  new
unified structure of Safety Data Sheets.
● Compiled, stored, and maintained accurate regulatory data relevant to the scope of the GHS compliance
project, along with other essential information using Excel and Access databases for analyzing and reporting
purposes.

Data Entry Consultant
Disys Agency/PNC Bank  -  Philadelphia, PA - December 2013 to March 2014

Assisted VP of Credit Investigations with formatting and editing of procedures and statistics stored in Word
documents and Excel spreadsheets that logged the activity and performance of department personnel.
● Sectioned mail for sorting out clients having or receiving lines of credit from clients whose inquires for credits
would be rejected.
● Entered all information in Excel spreadsheet and AS400 database.

Freelance Graphic Artist
Self Employed  -  Pottstown, PA - December 2006 to December 2013

Designed graphic artwork for sales to the modern home and business.
● Created innovative designs for textiles and ceramics.
● Administered sound business and project management practices.
● Created portfolios using Adobe Photoshop and MS PowerPoint, for use in meetings with prospective clients.
● Researched markets to identify new trends in art and design to broaden my artistic style and open up new
streams of potential clients and revenue.
● Produced and maintained databases in Excel and Access to store detailed information about products and
clients.

Document Controller
Tech USA/Synethes  -  West Chester, PA - September 2010 to December 2010

Performed quality inspections pertaining to product documentation.
● Change Control Management
● Assured accuracy and completion of upgraded documents before their release to the production floor.
● Cleared up backlog of controlled documents.
● Produced medical device product catalog as visual aid for use by Quality Engineers during meetings with
vendors in order to discuss nonconformance issues and their corrective/preventive actions.
●  Assured  of  quality  and  operations  documents  were  completed,  signed,  and  dated  by  the  appropriate
engineer.

Quality Assurance Assistant
Inteprod LLC  -  Eagleville, PA - January 2010 to June 2010

Edited,  revised,  updated,  and  maintained  the  company  Quality  System  Manual  to  reflect  company  quality
policies in accordance with the CFR Title 21, Section 820.20.
● Maintained and assisted in the control of documentation (820.40) as it pertained to the production of products
in conformance to regulatory standards and company quality policy, thus guaranteeing customer satisfaction.
● Managed the Document Control Department.
● Perform Audits.

● Managed and processed all document alterations through the Change Control process.
● Presented and summarized new or revised documents effectively to the management review team.
● Formatted templates for documents and forms.
● Maintained logs relating to document identification, revision, archiving, and distribution.
● Performed and documented internal audits and other quality assurance activities.
● Assisted in the monitoring of corrective and preventive actions.
● Assisted in examination of materials and products for quality performance and quarantine purposes.

Clinical QA Administrative Assistant
Devon Consulting/Sanofi-Aventis  -  Malvern, PA - July 2004 to December 2005

Provided administrative support to the Pharmacokinetic and Metabolism scientific group.
● Performed quality checks and data entry for batch records and blind clinical trial studies.

Executive Secretary
Option One/Aventis Behring  -  King of Prussia, PA - June 2001 to December 2002

Supported Regulatory Affairs management team.
● Maintained Directors' calendars, Managed expense reports, Arranged travel and hotel accommodations,
Arranged  teleconferences,  Planned  seminar  events,  Created  itineraries  for  meetings  both  nationally  and
internationally, created PowerPoint presentations for meetings and training events.
● Assisted in the preparation of summary documents appropriate for submission to the FDA.
● Participated in revising documents relevant to INDs and NDAs.
● Assisted in the creating of product labeling and their files.
● Assisted in the drafting and revising of drug product packages.
● Proofread and edited drug product inserts for packages.
● Assisted in reviewing and editing of the department SOP's.
● Helped in coordinating efforts for the preparation and implementation of communications with regulatory
agencies regarding pre submission approaches.
●  Helped  to  define  relevant  regulatory  channels  needed  to  identify  clarifications  and  any  follow  up  of
submissions that were under review.
● Assisted in the coordination of hard copy and electronic documents for FDA submission.
● Created and maintained drug reference library used by the regulatory affairs department.

Administrative Assistant
RCN Telecommunications  -  Trooper, PA - January 1999 to June 2001

Supported Commercial Sales Office.
●  Maintained  calendars,  Prepared  and  maintained  expense  reports,  Arranged  hotel  and 
travel
accommodations, Arranged conference calls and meetings, Planned seminars and other training events for
sales team, Provided itineraries and PowerPoint presentations for meetings.

EDUCATION

Associates in Network Administration
Computer Learning Center
2000

Criminal Justice
Philadelphia Community College
1979

