Evan Heavey

Stationary Engineer - Johnson Controls

Springfield, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Evan-Heavey/ad1e174de46ef6da

To obtain a position in Operations or Maintenance, offering the opportunity for further education within the
field, while advancing company goals.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Stationary Engineer
Johnson Controls  -  Springhouse, PA, US - August 2010 to Present

Operate  and  maintain  high  pressure  fire  tube  and  low  pressure  water  tube  steam  boilers,  centrifugal  and
absorption refrigeration machines. These duties include all PM's associated with boilers and chillers. Maintain
site water chemistry; Testing and adding chemical' to the boilers, chilled water, heating, and air-conditioning
systems. In addition, provide corrosion protection, reduce scaling in boilers and keep bacteria levels at a safe
level in the cooling towers.

Boiler Operator
Able Engineering Services  -  Springhouse, PA, US - December 2009 to August 2010

Operate  and  maintain  high  pressure  fire  tube  and  low  pressure  water  tube  steam  boilers,  centrifugal  and
absorption refrigeration machines. These duties include all PM's associated with boilers and chillers. Maintain
site water chemistry; Testing and adding chemical' to the boilers, chilled water, heating, and air-conditioning
systems. In addition, provide corrosion protection, reduce scaling in boilers and keep bacteria levels at a safe
level in the cooling towers.

Exelon Outage Employee
Limerick Atomic Power Station  -  Limerick, PA - March 2009 to April 2009

Assisted in the Maintenance department working on the Condenser team. Helped with numerous jobs including
dimple plugging the Condensers, Assisted in checking leaks in the condenser tubes. Repairing and managing
leaks going into the condenser. Also provided fire watch support for welders.

Exelon Outage Employee
Peach Bottom Atomic Power Station  -  Delta, PA - September 2008 to October 2008

Assisted with the disassembly of the Drywell head, mirror insulation, and reactor head; Assisted with rigging,
rad waste removal, and general maintenance housekeeping; Assisted in reassembly preparation.

Plant Operator
Conowingo Hydro Generating Station  -  Darlington, MD - June 2008 to August 2008

Darlington, MD
6/08-8/08 Assisted in Operations of Hydro units, removal and replacing oil for unit bearings. Learned how to
read and understand PLC monitors for the units. Learned general maintenance, general housekeeping.

Eddystone Generating Station Eddystone, PA

Cleaned pumps and motors - November 2007 to December 2007

Assisted  in  making  gaskets;  Cleaned  oil  coolers;  Cleaned  oil  purifier  skids;  Cleaned  pumps  and  motors;
Cleaned oil reservoirs.

Summer Intern
Eddystone Generating Station  -  Eddystone, PA - June 2007 to August 2007

Assisted in maintaining oil and gas fired boilers. Learned how to take readings on gauges and hourly reading
in the plant. Cleaned oil filters, Trouble shooting of boiler igniters.

Outage Employee
- March 2007 to April 2007

EDUCATION

Associates in Technology
The Williamson Free School of Mechanical Trades
May 2009

