Garry Clarke

Process Engineer - Jacobs Engineering

East Norriton, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Garry-Clarke/fdfedc557dcbd444

To gain employment that will enable me to enhance my skills and contribute to the
growth of the organization and present me with opportunity for advancement.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Process Engineer
Jacobs Engineering  -  Conshohocken, PA - June 2013 to Present

Assist in the design of a process unit, including establishing process design basis, development of process
options and optimization of selected design. Implement, modify, and maintain
biopharmaceutical and chemical processes. Calculate and organize data for process flow sheets.
Models  processes  and  units  operation.  Prepares  specifications  and  operating  instructions  for  processing
equipment. Develops process flow diagram to define heat and material balance.
Develops process specifications for custom designed equipment, e.g. pressure vessels, pumps,
fermentors,  and  utility  systems.  Maintains  effective  communication  with  project  team  members,  and
stakeholders.

Advanced Materials Researcher (Co-op)
Honda R&D America  -  Raymond, OH - November 2012 to March 2013

Characterized physical properties & behavior of novel corrosion inhibitor particles using SEM
imagery and UV-VIS spectroscopy. Performed coating trails on phosphate steel panels with various corrosion
protection additives. Evaluated coating durability and substrate protection using
various corrosion and accelerated weathering techniques. Lead tribology testing of new coating
composition to identify optimal surface treatment method to obtain good adhesion. Worked on a
multi-disciplinary team. Communicated test results and schedules with team members.

Fermenter operator (Co-op)
Danisco/Dupont  -  Rochester, NY - March 2012 to August 2012

Operated small-scale 14 liter fermentation processes for various bacteria to increase overall yield when scaled
up for production, incubated and plated samples from fermentations for colony
count, obtained wet mount microscopic images to check cell vitality and sporulation of cells,
assisted in warehouse and on production floor with fermentation processes

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering
ROCHESTER INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - Rochester, NY
May 2013

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS: 

Preparation: Nanoparticle synthesis using Synthos 3000 microwave reactor; composite
preparation of battery materials; coin cell assembly; coating film drawdowns

Characterization: Surface area analyzer; Microscopic imaging; Scanning electron microscope
imaging; UV-VIS spectroscopy; Multi-angle spectrophotometer

Evaluation: Arbin BT2000 battery tester; Plint TE77 friction tester; Instron tension tester; Atlas
Xenon Weatherometer; Salt spray and cyclic corrosion testing
Software: Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint); MatLab; Distributed control system (DCS);
Pi system; Pipe-Flo

