Heather Wahab

Association of Consulting Chemists and Chemical Engineers and Chemical
Consultant Network

Camden, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Heather-Wahab/43fc9321a997a1a5

WORK EXPERIENCE

Chemical Consultant
Association of Consulting Chemists   -  Murry Hill, SC

Adjunct Faculty
College of Staten Island - September 2011 to September 2011

Teaching all assigned courses for the full duration of scheduled instruction;
Being fully prepared with instructional plans for each class session and in accord with the stated objectives
of the course;
Enforcing academic policy and procedures at all times, and complying with all other institutional rules and
regulations pertinent to classroom instruction and general employment;
Contributing to the development and implementation of competency-based education and for utilizing available
educational resources for the improvement of instruction and the creation of teaching materials;
Participating in semester registration activities, as assigned
Maintaining complete office and student records, as needed; processing reports, forms, and all other required
paperwork in a timely, efficient manner, checking for the accuracy, correctness and completeness of all data;
Fulfilling committee assignments and other special appointments within the educational community as well as
the community-at-large, and otherwise giving appropriate support to institutional endeavors;
Maintaining  posted  office  and  on-campus  hours  sufficient  to  fulfill  all  contracted  duties  and  individual
professional obligations, as well as to meet the needs of the program, department, division and college;
Maintaining proper communication and supportive relations at all times with all other units and branches of the
division and the college, providing assistance to them in carrying out their respective functions;
Assuming other necessary responsibilities and performing additional tasks as assigned by the Chairperson,
the Dean, Vice-Presidents and/or President in meeting the needs of the science faculty, department, division
and the college.

Adjunct Professor
Bergen Community College - September 2010 to September 2010

Responsibilities:

Teaching  all  assigned  courses;  Introduction  to  Chemistry  lecture  and  General  Chemistry І  lab  for  the  full
duration of scheduled instruction
Preparing a class syllabi in accordance with the course objectives
Being fully prepared with instructional plans for each class session and in accord with the stated objectives
of the course
Enforcing academic policy and procedures at all times, and complying with all other institutional rules and
regulations pertinent to classroom instruction and general employment
Being available outside of class to students requiring additional assistance
Maintaining complete office and student records, as needed; processing reports, forms, and all other required
paperwork in a timely, efficient manner, checking for the accuracy, correctness and completeness of all data

More Additional Info Maintaining posted office and on-campus hours sufficient to fulfill all contracted duties
and individual professional obligations, as well as to meet the needs of the program, department, division and
college
Assuming responsibility for all laboratory course preparations and ensuring proper maintenance and cleanup
of laboratory facilities
Maintaining proper communication and supportive relations at all times with all other units and branches of the
division and the college, providing assistance to them in carrying out their respective functions

Adjunct Professor
Wagner College - 2010 to January 2010

Department of Physical Sciences
Responsibilities

Teaches assigned courses; Physical Chemistry II lecture and General Chemistry II courses in accordance with
description published in catalog and the approved course outline, in accordance with schedule of classes and
incorporating alternative approaches, technologies and methods when possible.
Meets all scheduled class meetings and all scheduled office hours.
Advises Department Chairperson/Program Director of absences in a timely manner.
Maintains accurate grade and attendance records for students enrolled in classes and submit required reports
to Department Chairperson/Program Director and/or Student Records Office.
Incorporates an appreciation of diverse lifestyles, cultures and national perspectives into courses.
Submits  progress  reports  on  students  for  counseling  and  record  keeping  purposes  and  discusses  with
counselors and other appropriate personnel any problems of students which may require special attention.
Specifies competency based student outcomes as the objectives of all courses.
Serves on college-wide committees.
Plans in advance to ensure availability of supplies, textbooks, and classroom equipment requisite to successful
teaching of assigned classes.
Incorporates the use of the library into courses, uses writing as an instructional method, and utilizes computing
and other academic technologies in courses when possible.
Engages in continual professional development activities as specified by the appropriate academic officer.
Adheres to professional standards of procedures.
Represents the College in the community
Experience  Maintaining  posted  office  and  on-campus  hours  sufficient  to  fulfill  all  contracted  duties  and
individual professional obligations, as well as to meet the needs of the program, department, division and
college
Assuming responsibility for all laboratory course preparations and ensuring proper maintenance and cleanup
of laboratory facilities
Maintaining proper communication and supportive relations at all times with all other units and branches of the
division and the college, providing assistance to them in carrying out their respective functions

Adjunct Chemistry Faculty
Middlesex County College - July 2009 to July 2009

Department of Chemistry and Physics
Responsibilities

Prepare and present classroom materials, activities and examinations in assigned courses; Organic Chemistry
ІІ lecture and laboratory.
Evaluates student performance in department as per guidelines set by the department

Prepares lesson plans, creates appropriate teaching aids, and arranges provision of instructional materials
and activities for student usage during classes.
Maintains student attendance records, grades, and other records required by the college.
Maintains office hours according to contractual guidelines.
Advises students concerning professional, academic, and related issues.
Assists with curriculum review, revision, and development in department including assessment and program
review.
Develops new course materials and implements innovative teaching techniques to facilitate learning.
Attends departmental meetings as a contributing member.
Contributes to the department through department committees.
Contributes to the college through division and college committees.
Actively participates in professional development.
Performs other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the chairperson of department.

EDUCATION

MS in its equivalent
WES University
2005

