Holly Salerno

Research Engineer - E.I. DuPont de Nemours and Company

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Holly-Salerno/16d052048f0724cb

WORK EXPERIENCE

Research Engineer
E.I. DuPont de Nemours and Company  -  Wilmington, DE - May 2013 to Present

Provide technical direction for the lab and personnel development, manage workflow and design new walkup
services

Principal Investigator of the Thermal Analysis Lab in the Corporate Center for Analytical Sciences (CCAS)

• Responsible for the professional development of two lab associates and integration of contractors.
• Develop new thermal analysis methods in support of R&D and businesses. Focused on methods using DMA,
DSC, isothermal titration calorimetry (ITC), micro calorimetry, SDT, TGA, TGA-MS and thermal conductivity.
Study materials ranging from polymers, inorganics, small molecules and bio macromolecules.
• Expand lab capabilities by interfacing with internal customers to determine technology gaps, evaluating new
equipment, develop expertise on new equipment, write lab procedures and train lab associates.
• Provide direction for analytical data analysis, report generation and data presentations. Collaborate with
customers and other analytical labs to provide comprehensive analytical solutions.
• Directed the implementation of a new walkup TGA for rapid turnaround of routine samples. Developed a
semi-walkup model to handle routine high volume DSC requests.
• Serve as a contact for product stewardship and regulatory (PS&R) for the analytical organization by providing
PS&R updates and reminders at organization meetings.
• Write safety procedures and participate as a member of the CCAS safety boosters (manage the internal
website).

Leader of two internal networks:

• Thermal Analysis Users Network: organizing meetings to share best practice with users of thermal analysis
in both CR&D and manufacturing.
• Thermally Evolved Species Network: a group of principal investigators using different methods to analyze
evolved species, which collaborate and share expertise to provide analytical support to internal customers.

Staff Engineer
E.I. DuPont de Nemours and Company  -  Wilmington, DE - January 2012 to May 2013

Provide customized methods in depth anaylsis, design and implement new workflow system and reestablish
TGA-MS

•  Develop  and  expand  expertise  in  thermal  analysis  methods  and  instrumentation  and  DuPont  material
systems.
• Evaluate the functionality of an abandoned TGA-MS instrument and define it's role and value to the CCAS
organization.
• Develop customized methods to meet project analytical needs and provide in depth analysis in support of
R&D, businesses and the development of intellectual property.

• Developed a new workflow system to increase lab productivity by tracking job status, managing the backlog,
monitoring turn around time and documenting methods.
•  Drive  knowledge  management  initiative  in  the  lab  to  capture  and  document  best  practices  to  improve
knowledge transfer and training of new personnel.
• Established a Thermal Users Network and a Thermally Evolved Gas Network by identifying users, determining
goals and holding meetings.

EDUCATION

PhD in Chemical Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
2005 to 2011

BS in Chemical Engineering
University of Delaware - Newark, DE
2001 to 2005

SKILLS

GRADUATE RESEARCH ASSISTANT 
Drexel University, Advisor: Yossef A. Elabd (2005 – 2011)  
 
Dissertation: Nafion Based Anion Exchange Membranes for the Alkaline Fuel Cell 
 
• Development of new anion exchange membranes based on existing fluoropolymer chemisty (Nafion). 
• Polymer characterization using FTIR, DSC, DMA, and TGA. 
• Evaluation of transport properties in polymers using EIS (ion conductivity), FTIR permeation and fuel cells. 
• Understanding of polymer property-performance relationships. 
 
EXPERIMENTAL TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 
• Proficient: Infrared Spectroscopy, Fuel Cell and MEA Fabrication, TGA, DSC, DMA, EIS (ion conductivity)
Membrane chemistry. 
• Working knowledge: SAXS, NMR, ESEM/EDAX, Raman Spectroscopy, Plasma Reactor, Electro-spinning,
membrane casting, polymer blending, free radical polymerization. 
 
Undergraduate Research University of Delaware Advisors: S. Ismat Shah, Norman J. Wagner (2003-2005) 
 
Thesis: Studying the Effects of Cobalt Doping of TiO2 Nanoparticles on the Photodegradation of 2-
chlorophenol 
 
• Sol gel synthesis of nanoparticles. Study effects of catalyst crystal structure, Co doping percent, catalyst
dosage, and solution pH on photodegradation of organics. Catalyst life time tests.

PUBLICATIONS

Anion Exchange Membranes Derived from Nafion Precursor for the Alkaline Fuel Cell:
Effect of Cation Type on Properties
2013

Salerno, H. L. S., Elabd, Y. A., Anion Exchange Membranes Derived from Nafion Precursor for the Alkaline
Fuel Cell: Effect of Cation Type on Properties Journal of Applied Polymer Science, 127, (2013) 298-307

Anion Exchange Membranes Derived from Nafion Precursor for the Alkaline Fuel Cell
2012
Salerno, H. L. S., Beyer, F. L., Elabd, Y. A., Anion Exchange Membranes Derived from Nafion Precursor for
the Alkaline Fuel Cell, Journal of Polymer Science Part B: Polymer Physics, 50, (2012) 552-562

Photocatalytic degradation of 2-Chlorophenol by Co-doped TiO2 nanoparticle
2005
Barakat, M.A., Schaeffer, H., Hayes, G., Ismat-Shah, S., Photocatalytic degradation of 2-Chlorophenol by Co-
doped TiO2 nanoparticles, Applied Catalysis B: Environmental, 57, (2005) 23-30

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

LEADERSHIP

Mentor: Students Tackling Advanced Research (STAR) Program (2009, 2011)
• Train first year undergraduate students on safe laboratory techniques and equipment.
•  Assist  students  with  design  and  implementation  of  research  plan,  data  analysis,  and  design  of  research
poster.

Chemical & Biological Engineering Graduate Student Association: Treasurer […] Secretary […] and Member
[…]
• Bookkeeping of funds spent per event, quarter, and fiscal year, and applying to university for refunds.
• Manage email list, create flyers for events, and take meeting minuets. Senate member, Graduate Student
Association […]
•  Vote  on  issues  related  to  Graduate  Student  life  at  Drexel  University.  Lab  Leader,  Summer  Engineering
Experience at Drexel (SEED) […]
• Lead ~10 high school students through labs designed to introduce them to chemical engineering principles.

PRESENTATIONS

ASC 2010 (San Francisco, CA) Poster: “Nafion-Based Anion Exchange Membranes for the Alkaline Fuel Cell”
AICHE 2009 (Nashville, TN) Presentation: “Nafion-Based Anion Exchange Membranes for the Alkaline Fuel
Cell”
Grove Fuel Cell Symposium 2009 (London, England) Poster: “Nafion-Based Anion Exchange Membranes for
the 
Alkaline Fuel Cell”
AICHE 2008 (Philadelphia, PA) Poster: “Nafion-Based Anion Exchange Membranes for the Alkaline Fuel Cell”
AICHE 2007 (Salt Lake City, Utah) Poster: “Transport in Polymer-polymer Nanocomposite Membranes”

PROFESSIONAL ASSOCIATIONS

North American Thermal Analysis Society (NATAS, 2014-Present): Membership Chair 2014
American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS, 2008-Present)
American Institute of Chemical Engineers (AICHE, 2003-Present)
Society of Women Engineers (SWE, […]

SOFTWARE

Proficient:  Microsoft  Word,  Excel,  PowerPoint  and  Outlook,  Universal  Analysis,  KaleidaGraph,  Proteus,
Kinetic3, Omnic EndNote and Lotus Notes

Working knowledge: SharePoint, Minitab, Maple, Matlab, Simulink, Mathcad, Fluent, Gambit and Aspen.

