James Wood

Senior Technical Specialist - inTEST Corporation

Voorhees, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/James-Wood/feae0f2580cfd1b6

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Mechanical Design Engineer
inTEST Corp  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - April 2000 to Present

Performing  detailed  equipment  and  machine  designs  of  mechanical  interface  hardware  and  manipulators
used by semiconductor manufacturers (i.e. Texas Instruments, Freescale) in the testing of integrated circuits.
Tasks performed: intensive interfacing and communications with customers and suppliers; SolidWorks and
AUTOCAD proficiency; knowledge of machined parts, procedures and materials; design calculations, stress
analysis  (COSMOS)  and  geometric  tolerances  ANSI  Y14.5;  ISO  9000  compliance;  and  coordination  with
machine shop, manufacturing, sales, field service, customers and shipping departments.

Senior Mechanical Equipment Engineer
Fluor Daniel  -  Marlton, NJ - 1994 to 2000

Lead Equipment Engineer: provided engineering support during conceptual design phases of multiple
pharmaceutical bulk tablet facilities. Developed estimates, project scopes, preliminary equipment lists,
specifications, bid reviews and purchase orders for facility equipment.

Senior Mechanical Equipment Engineer: provided engineering services for new Eastman Kodak Co. paper,
film and chemical manufacturing facility ($1.1 billion) in Haicang, China. Services performed: engineering,
design, specification, supplier coordination and installation of chemical preparation, process and utility
equipment and systems; which includes tanks, kettles, pressure vessels, filters, heat exchangers, pumps,
agitators, and high purity water, utilities (steam, air, water, waste, etc.), material handling, sterilization, heat
transfer, filtration and other specialty equipment.

Junior Mechanical Equipment Engineer: provided engineering services on multiple capitol improvement
projects ($180 million) for expansion and modernization of stainless steel manufacturing facilities at Carpenter
Technology,  Reading,  PA.  Services  performed:  engineering,  design,  specification,  procurement  and
installation of non-core process equipment, compressed gas piping systems (air, natural gas, argon, nitrogen,
helium) and cooling water systems at vacuum induction melting, vacuum arc remelting and annealing furnace
facilities.

Mechanical Equipment Engineer: supported proposal and cost estimate of mechanical equipment and systems
for a $1 billion electrical power plant in El Zara, Saudi Arabia. Tasks performed: Preliminary design,
specification and estimates for boiler feedwater pumps, groundwater supply turbine pumps, compressed air
system, fuel oil storage and distribution system and other equipment.

As  a  GroundWater  Technology,  Inc.  (GTI),  employee,  Lead  Project  Engineer:  coordinated  engineers  and
designers, and provided mechanical engineering oversight for the design, construction and operation of
groundwater and soil remediation systems and facilities for many Superfund, government (DOD) and other
environmental clean-up projects.
38 Westminster Drive

Voorhees, NJ 08043
(856) 772-4920 ● jwood1963@yahoo.com

Lead Mechanical Engineer
Raytheon Engineers and Constructors  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1989 to 1993

Tasks performed included design and drafting supervision for new Chemical Sewer and Spill Collection Basin
Projects ($28 million) at Merck & Co., Rahway, NJ. Systems collect chemical wastewater from pharmaceutical
manufacturing facilities, and divert and collect storm water in case of emergency spills for treatment. Major
components include double-wall overhead and underground piping, lift stations, pumps, tanks and auxiliary
equipment.

Mechanical Engineer: provided design engineering services during renovation and upgrade of demineralized
water system at Megan-Racine Cogeneration Power Facility, Canton, NY.

Mechanical Engineer, Tasks performed: design, specification, procurement, construction and project closeout
activities during the construction of new steel plating facility ($585 million) at I/N Kote, New Carlisle, IN.
Provided technical support for the installation of core and non-core mechanical equipment and systems for
continuous and electroplating galvanizing lines. Engineering and design of hydraulic, compressed air,
lubrication, steam, cooling water, wastewater and other piping systems. Provided technical support to plant
personnel during initial start-up phases of both galvanizing lines. During project construction, relocated to job
site  as  Field  Engineer.  Provided  technical  support  and  subcontractor  supervision  for  the  installation  of
continuous galvanizing line core equipment (coil handling, pickling, annealing furnace, galvanizing furnace,
rolling mill, electroplating cells, strip inspection, coil processing and coil delivery) and non-core equipment
(scrap handling, electric overhead traveling cranes, fume exhaust, metallurgical laboratory, roll maintenance
and automatic guided vehicles). Tasks also included resolving technical problems encountered during field
installation of equipment, and ensuring the equipment was installed and aligned to the original equipment
manufacturer's specifications

Plant Engineer: provided engineering services (calculations, specifications and cost estimates) in response to
requests from operations and maintenance personnel at National Steel continuous caster, Granite City, IL.

Project/Application Engineer
PSI Division, Warner Electric Clutch & Brake Co  -  Pitman, NJ - 1988 to 1989

Provided engineering and design for the development of new and existing
product lines of spring wrapped clutches and brakes for various customer applications.

Test Engineer
Philadelphia Naval Shipyard  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1987 to 1988

Developed and evaluated performance tests of new and overhauled equipment, components and piping of
compressed gas systems for U.S. Naval vessels. Systems included compressed air, liquid
oxygen and nitrogen production and distribution, ballast and deballast air, refrigeration and air-conditioning.

Cooperative Student Engineer
RCA Missile and Surface Radar  -  Moorestown, NJ - 1984 to 1986

Provided technical support to civil, mechanical, and electrical engineer in monitoring and inspection services
during construction of Production Test Center for AEGIS radar system.
Assisted mechanical engineer in supervising and coordinating draftsmen preparing equipment installation and
arrangement drawings of U.S. Navy Combat Systems equipment for AEGIS cruisers and destroyers.

EDUCATION

P.E. in mechanical and materials and ethics related subjects
2017

B.S. in Mechanical Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
1987

M.S. in Environmental Engineering
Drexel University

SKILLS

Solidworks (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Autocad (3 years)

CERTIFICATIONS

Professional Engineer
November 2017

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Nearly thirty years of mechanical project, design and professional engineering experiences. Wide range of
manufacturing, field and construction engineering experiences ranging from project conception to completion
including scope of works, design basis, calculations, design and installation drawings, P&IDs, specifications,
flow analysis, field surveys, cost and bid analysis, budget and manpower estimates, equipment selection and
procurement, installation and commissioning, and vendor and contractor surveillance for semiconductor
industry, steel, chemical, pharmaceutical, manufacturing, environmental and power projects.

Equipment Design ● Project Engineer ● Construction Support ● Procurement Specifications
Design and Analysis ● Installation Specifications ● System Commissioning ● Project Schedules
Cost Estimates ● Scope of Work ● Quality Assurance

ADDITIONAL SKILLS
Proficient in use of personal computer including excellent knowledge of SolidWorks 2013, AutoCAD 2002,
Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Access, PowerPoint), Internet services, and other PC based software.

