James Dyer

Experienced Chemical Process Engineer | Environmental Engineer | Environmental
Soil Scientist

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/James-Dyer/97624b87a1f5876a

I  am  an  innovative  leader  in  applying  chemical  and  environmental  engineering  principles,  know-how,  and
simulation  tools  to  solve  challenging  technical  problems  of  significant  concern  to  manufacturing,  R&D,
SHE, and capital project engineers. I have 30 years of combined experience in plant process engineering,
environmental  and  chemical  engineering  consulting,  process  and  product  development,  and  project
engineering. My StrengthsFinder Top 5 are Learner, Achiever, Discipline, Analytical, and Responsibility. 

With a unique multidisciplinary educational background, my diversified skill set comprises air emissions control,
water and wastewater treatment, reaction kinetics and thermodynamics, environmental fate and transport, soil,
sediment, and groundwater remediation, process modeling, pollution prevention, economic evaluations, and
statistical analysis. 

I  am  especially  strong  in  advancing  and  implementing  new  technology,  initiating  and  driving  projects  to
completion, mentoring, communicating results, and working in a diverse, multidisciplinary team environment.

I have been recognized for my accomplishments throughout my academic and industrial careers, including
Engineering and SHE Excellence Awards for pollution prevention, a DuPont Innovation Award, University of
Delaware’s Wolf Prize for the most outstanding dissertation in the Physical & Life Sciences, invitation to the
National Academy of Engineering's Frontiers of Engineering Symposium, and being named an associate with
the DuPont Fellows Forum. 

I am author of a book on pollution prevention and 3 chapters on VOC control and geochemical modeling. I
have published 23 peer-reviewed journal articles as well as 70 environmental technology pamphlets and 20
major engineering reports inside DuPont. In addition, I have given more than 40 invited talks and professional
society presentations in several fields. 

I am a certified six sigma Green Belt and licensed Professional Engineer in Delaware.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Principal Chemical Process Engineer
DuPont Company  -  Wilmington, DE - 1997 to Present

I have consulted with more than 20 businesses on over 200 different process engineering technology issues
involving fouling, scaling, and precipitation of inorganics in reactors, crystallizers, heat exchangers, distillation
columns, scrubbers, strippers, wastewater treatment systems, and landfill leachate systems. 

I developed over two dozen novel screening models using TK Solver™ to evaluate the feasibility of Class I
underground injection wells for safely neutralizing acidic, aqueous waste at 3 global locations. In addition, I co-
authored a 1000-page technology manual that preserves 40 years of DuPont intellectual capital in deepwell
injection, and built and confirmed reactive transport models using The Geochemist’s Workbench® to assess
environmental impact.

I led a multidisciplinary team that developed a conceptual site model for mercury contamination within the
South River, Virginia watershed. In addition, I assembled a panel of mercury experts to identify innovative
remedial options and partnered with Oak Ridge National Lab, Texas Tech, U. Delaware, and U. Waterloo on $1
million in research projects to advance the state of the science in the characterization, cycling, and remediation
of mercury in aquatic and terrestrial ecosystems.

I championed technology renewal projects that have advanced DuPont’s capabilities in modeling metal fate
and transport in wastewater, groundwater, and sediment ($600k) and in industrial biotechnology processes
($100k).

I facilitated third-party reviews for 3 capital projects totaling over $120 million in new capital investment to
assess risks associated with new technology and to identify mitigation strategies.

I authored 2 book chapters on geochemical modeling, 10 peer-reviewed journal articles, 29 invited talks and
professional society presentations, and 13 major engineering reports.

I supervised and mentored 7 summer interns and co-op students.

Senior Environmental Engineer
DuPont Company  -  Wilmington, DE - 1989 to 1997

I  pioneered  a  novel  methodology  for  identifying  and  implementing  pollution  prevention  and  end-of-pipe
treatment technologies and practices that reduced corporate TRI reportable waste emissions to air, water, and
land by up to 90%. 

I  partnered  with  DuPont  process  engineers  at  more  than  25  manufacturing  sites  globally  to  implement
cost-effective source control and treatment technologies that met or exceeded regulatory requirements and
decreased emissions to air and water at only one-fourth of the anticipated $100 million capital investment.

I  authored  a  landmark  book  entitled  "Pollution  Prevention:  Methodology,  Technologies,  and  Practices"  as
well  as  a  book  chapter  on  VOC  emissions  control,  13  peer-reviewed  journal  articles,  20  invited  talks  and
professional  society  presentations,  70  corporate  environmental  technology  briefing  papers,  and  7  major
DuPont engineering accession reports. 

I taught courses on pollution prevention and air emissions control at more than 15 DuPont manufacturing sites,
the University of Delaware, and AIChE topical workshops.

Chemical Process Engineer, DuPont Engineering Field Program
DuPont Company  -  Wilmington, DE - 1985 to 1989

I led the development of conceptual design packages, chemical process flow sheets, and venture guidance
appraisals for three major capital projects in the polymer products business with a combined capital investment
of more than $150 million. 

I  installed  and  operated  a  $2  million  R&D  flammable  solvent  coater  at  the  Towanda,  PA  site  to  enable
formulation of new and existing photopolymer films away from methylene chloride.

I  supervised  a  team  of  5  R&D  technicians  responsible  for  scaling  up  and  introducing  to  market  new
photopolymer film formulations for making printed circuit boards.

I designed, installed, and piloted a milling and particle elutriation process for industrial diamonds.

EDUCATION

Ph.D. in Environmental Soil Chemistry
University of Delaware - Newark, DE
2003

Master of Civil Engineering in Environmental Engineering
University of Delaware - Newark, DE
1997

B.S. in Chemical Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
1985

SKILLS

Process Engineering, Project Engineering, Geochemical Modeling, Environmental Fate and Transport,
Remediation Technology, Environmental Consulting, Groundwater, Waste Minimization, Pollution
Prevention, Environmental Treatment, Air Emissions Control, Geochemistry, Water Chemistry, Kinetic
Modeling, Thermodynamics, Reaction Engineering

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/in/jamesdyerpe/

