Jesse Ru

Energy Engineer - MPC Energy, LLC

Media, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jesse-Ru/383817cfb1ac7774

I am searching for a chemical engineering position that allows me to apply my experiences for innovating and
drastically improving the manufacturing process for products.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Energy Engineer
MPC Energy, LLC  -  St. Louis, MO - June 2013 to Present

Identified and implemented $1.5 million of savings to yearly energy costs for various clients without affecting
the quality and quantity of manufactured products and without the usage of capital projects.
• Augmented client's manufacturing culture to have a higher emphasis on energy management and continuous
improvement of reducing energy costs.
• Devised a method for clients to accurately determine operating cost reductions due to process changes and
capital projects.
•  Improved  and  streamlined  company's  method  of  creating  energy  management  HMI  displays  to  be  more
efficient.
• Improved company's method of creating a process database from various sources of client process and
production data through automation.

Teaching Assistant
Cornell University  -  Ithaca, NY - August 2009 to May 2013

Voted best teaching assistant for 2012 by students, professors, and fellow teaching assistants
• Volunteered to provide a supplemental lecture series to provide an additional resource for struggling students
in self-paced physics classes.

Research and Education Outreach Intern
Boyce-Thompson Institute for Plant Science Research  -  Ithaca, NY - May 2011 to August 2011

Determined the optimal growing conditions for switchgrass in western New York to promote highest possible
yields of biomass for biofuel production.
• Developed new classroom labs that promote young student interests in science while providing new research
data for scientists.

EDUCATION

Master's in Chemical Engineering
Cornell University - Ithaca, NY
August 2012 to May 2013

Cornell University
August 2012 to May 2013

Bachelor's in Chemical Engineering
College of Engineering - Ithaca, NY
September 2008 to September 2011

SKILLS

Chemical Engineer, Energy Engineering

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Computer Skills
•  Expert  at  MS  Word,  MS  Excel,  MS  Powerpoint,  MS  Access,  Aspen,  Osisoft  PI,  Novatech  Totalvision,
Wonderware, GE Proficy, Matlab, Java.

