Joseph Rosenberg

Field Service Engineer - O'Hara Technology

Burlington, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joseph-Rosenberg/cb5e7ee6665d0ce9

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Field Service Engineer
O'Hara Technology  -  Toronto, ON - 2004 to Present

for  international  manufacturer  of  fluid  bed  drying,  pan  coating  and  processing  equipment  used  in  the
pharmaceutical, bio-pharmaceutical, food and chemical industries. Based in NJ: Managed projects dealing
with  the  commissioning  of  new  units  and  retrofits.  Commissioned  new  units.  Validated,  calibrated  and
repaired,  pneumatic,  mechanical,  HVAC,  electro-mechanical,  electronic  and  other  hardware.  Customer
relations included training, side by side trouble shooting and repair solutions, interfacing and follow up with
home office employees for quality assurance and satisfaction. Consulted with vendors to improve the customer
experience. Recommended, sold and installed peripheral equipment and system upgrades along with long
term service contracts. Familiar with FDA and CGMP rules and regulations.
Major accomplishments included:
• Successfully started the USA Service Center. Responsible for US service.
• Developed and implemented structured plan for business development
• Developed, sales and bid proposals
• Authored technical documentation for pre-installation manual and operator's guide
• Wrote calibration and validation procedures, service bulletins, change control, all in accordance with customer
and FDA requests.
• Coordinated and supervised installation activities at customer sites.
• Designed, procured and installed parts and systems.

Sales Manager
UAB Manufacturing, Inc  -  Southampton, PA - 2003 to 2004

for  this  manufacturing  solutions  provider  for  the  precision  machined  parts  industry.  Company  also  offered
other unique services such as engineering and roto-molding capabilities to customers. Responsibilities were to
generate sales by targeting specific industries for cold calls, mail campaign and personal visits to prospective
clients.

Accomplishments:
• Developed marketing plan complete with technical documentation
• Authored sales and bid proposals
• Supervised sales staff and coordinated efforts to achieve overall goals

Sales Engineer & Product Specialist
Hosokawa Micron Powder Systems Inc  -  Summit, NJ - 2002 to 2003

for international manufacturer of particle size reduction, mixing, analytical and containment equipment used
in  the  fine  foods,  confection,  fine  chemical,  pharmaceutical  and  agricultural  industries.  Assigned  to  the
Pharmaceutical Division, duties were to generate sales through cold calls, follow leads generated by a team of
outside sales representatives, prospecting and other media. Source and specify ancillary equipment to provide

total system design. Support customer after market. Plan market strategy, develop and author proposals based
upon current and future customer needs.

Significant accomplishments:
• Coordinated integration of machinery with US suppliers.
• Developed specifications, negotiated with outside vendors and consultants for parts, service and systems.
• Authored sales and bid proposals, marketing documentation and visual presentations

EDUCATION

Mechanical Engineering Technology
New Jersey Institute of Technology

Business Administration
Kennedy Western University

