Loyda Garcia

Vaccine and Biological Technical Operations Engineer - System One Holdings, LLC

King of Prussia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Loyda-Garcia/854d9566cfffa689

WORK EXPERIENCE

Vaccine and Biological Technical Operations Engineer
System One Holdings, LLC  -  West Point, PA - May 2013 to Present

Vaccine and Biological Technical Operations Engineer
System One Holdings, LLC. (previously Joulé Technical Staffing Inc.) assigned at Merck Sharp & Dohme,
West Point, PA
May 2013-Present
•  Responsible  for  the  start-up  of  a  varicella  and  measles,  mumps  and  rubella  (MMR)  vaccines  technical
operations GMP laboratory. Tasks included: writing calibration and maintenance job plans for new and existing
equipment, origination and execution of Installation and Operation Qualifications (IOQs) protocols, execution
of equipment performance checks, writing standard operating procedures (SOPs), and coordination of site
vendor access as well as working with vendors on troubleshooting equipment.

Fluid Mechanics Laboratory Instructor
University of Puerto Rico  -  Mayagüez, PR - January 2012 to May 2012

September 2010-December 2010
• Offer undergraduate laboratory course which covers: mechanics of fluid phenomena, devices and techniques,
and the testing of fluid machinery.

Procedure and Training Originator
Eli Lilly  -  Carolina, PR - January 2011 to December 2011

Carolina, P.R. January 2011-December 2011
• Developed or revised procedures and trainings according to pre-requisites established by the area expert
and/or corporative policies (i.e. process modifications, new regulations, deviations from the current effective
process, validations, qualifications, etc.).
• Performed annual regulatory revision of procedures involving High Risk Substances included in the plant's
Process Safety Management (PSM) Program. Initiated new Process Safety Management (PSM) procedures
training schedule and approach that improved training completion time by 40%.
Graduate Research Assistant

Graduate Research Assistant
University of Puerto Rico   -  Mayagüez, PR - August 2009 to August 2010

August 2009-August 2010
• Performed Biochemical Oxygen Demand (BOD), Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD), Total Organic Carbon
(TOC) to study the heteroaggregation and possible fate of nanoparticles in the environment through scale
modeling of a secondary wastewater treatment plant.
Undergraduate Research Assistant

Undergraduate Research Assistant
University of Puerto Rico   -  Mayagüez, PR - August 2006 to November 2006

August - November 2006

•  Performed  analysis  and  characterization  of  the  variation  in  crystal  size  of  highly  monodisperse  ZnO
nanocrystals as a function of synthesis temperature, aging time and the corresponding structural and optical
properties of the synthesized nanocrystals due to their potential application in nano-electronics and photonics.

Summer Intern
Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Inc  -  Barceloneta, P.R. - June 2006 to August 2006

Executed measurement of equipment in the Compounding, GITS, Dosage and Packaging Areas.
• Performed product contact surface area calculations and produce Microsoft Visio diagrams for equipment.
• Developed software program designed to perform RAL (Residue Acceptable Limit) calculations for Cleaning
Validation purposes.

EDUCATION

Bachelor  of  Science  in  Chemical  Engineering  -  Minors  in  Biotechnology  and
Manufacturing
University of Puerto Rico, Mayagüez Campus - Mayagüez, PR
2003 to 2008

SKILLS

Proficient in MathCAD, Matlab, Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point, Visio. Fully bilingual in Spanish and
English. In addition, I have worked in GMP and GLP environments and supported internal and external
audits.

GROUPS

Engineers Without Borders - Philadelphia Professional Chapter
June 2013 to Present
Actual Co-Lead for Water for Life Philippines Project

UNICEF Campus Alumni
2011 to Present
UNICEF Campus Alumni National Association: Communications Committee Newsletter Writer and LinkedIn
Administrator.

Campus Verde Estudiantes (Green Campus Students)
August 2007 to May 2012
From January 2010 to December 2010, I was president for this college association whose goal was to improved
recycling and energy use in-campus, create awareness of global climate change, and impact through advocacy
in schools, communities and industries.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

I possess an Engineer In Training license.

