Mark Slade

Senior Project Engineer

Wyncote, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mark-Slade/81498f4b660664af

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Project Engineer
Langley AFB  -  Hampton, VA - January 2010 to August 2010

Senior Project Engineer
Multi-billion  dollar,  capital  works  program  known  as  Transit  City.  Design  to  improve  and  expand  its  rail
transit  systems.  Extension  of  the  Sheppard  Subway  Transit  line  $1.4  billion,  14  miles  extension  of  the
Sheppard Subway Light Rail Transit line. Construction planning development of contact packages, performing
constructability  reviews  of  design  prior  to  contract  bid/award  evaluation  of  bids  and  the  oversight  of
construction. Relocation of public an private utilities including water mains, storm and sanitary sewers. Toronto
power plants Gas mains
Langley AFB Hampton VA January 10- August 2010
AFCEE Contingency Construction (Div)
Team Integrated Engineering Inc.
San Antonio Texas, 78216
Program Manager

AFCEE/CXP - Provide design Instruction and scope to develop RFP. Serves as Program Manager for the
procurement, design and construction management of projects such as airfields maintenance facilities, office
buildings, and roads. Prepares request for proposals and independent government cost estimates. Estimates
work load to establish completion dates for each of the phases of work from procurement to closeout. Applies
principles and techniques of engineering construction management and project management to accomplish
goals.

Familiar with a wide variety of the design and construction field concepts, practices and procedures performs a
variety of other engineering tasks as required. Report to Chief of AFCEE Contingency Construction programs.
As Design manager able to provide effective coordination and liaison with broad range of military and civilian
personnel (Corps of Engineer) (NAVFAC) involved in the restructuring and redevelopment of facilities and
utilities with in the CENTCOM AOR.

Work collaboratively with the organization to support the interest and needs of our client.

Analyzes  reports  maps  ,  drawing  ,  tests  and  aerial  photographs  on  soil  composition  terrain  hydrological
characteristics, and other topographical and geologic data and design projects.

Calculates design or construction cost and determines feasibility of project based on analysis of collected data.

Determines adequacy of preparation and modification of design calculation, reports, specifications, drawings,
construction schedules, environmental impact studies and designs for project. Also determines responsibility
with project management plans.

Attends and participates in group conferences. Prepares construction scopes of work for military construction
projects. Provide over site and procurement for military construction projects.

Consultant Contractor
MTA  -  New York, NY - December 2008 to September 2009

10004
Capital Program Management

Atlantic Yards Project, Brooklyn, New York $4.2 billion dollars.
Project Manager,

• Design and Construction oversight of new Subway tunnels, tying the LIRR to BMT and IRT lines. The site
will server as one of the largest subway train station hub in New York City. Serving ten different New York
City lines. Also experience with installation of solar panel installation and programing installed seismograph
to monitor vibration with adjacent construction projects.

World Trade Center, Freedom Tower Project $200 million Manhattan New York NY

• Vibration monitor for construction equipment adjacent or above MTA subway tunnels below foundation of
freedom towers. Tunnels were monitored with Tilt Meters, Seismographs and Strain Gauges.

•  Manage  the  inspection  staff,  and  provide  oversight  of  construction  activities,  monitor  project  schedule,
process changes for payment and conduct progress meetings.

•  Reviewed  contractors  work  plans  and  submittals  for  equipment,  materials  and  qualifications.  Provide
oversight for Atlantic Yard Project and World Trade Center Construction for new and existing subway tunnels.
• Review contractor's submittals for conformance to specifications and drawings, work plans, Schedules etc.
• Cost Estimates Accuracy checks
• Structuring bid packages for lowest cost construction
• Monitoring and coordinating daily construction activities

Project Manager
Versar Engineering Consultants  -  Springfield, VA - November 2007 to November 2008

•  McGuire  Air  Force  Base  Lodging  Facility's  $40million  project  (50  unit  -  67,000  sq  ft  lodging  facility  with
adjoining 175 room - 98,000 sq ft visitor's quarters and support services areas).

• Design build role; made recommendations to client for design changes for mechanical room pipe routes
and also design change recommendations for catwalk to service HVAC units in attic of both buildings. Design
modification to contract drawings for proper fit of Hollow Core Planking flooring system for progressive collapse
design.

• Served as Air Force AFCEE Technical Representative QA support and CQP monitoring. Responsible for
project delivery including cost, schedule and quality. Identify quality improvements, anticipate problems and
collaborate to provide cost effect solutions.

Resident Engineer
Jacobs Engineering Group  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2000 to November 2007

Hiawatha Line Light Rail project (Build Design) known as the Minnesota Transit
Constructors. $400million project

•  Joint  venture  consortium  consists  of  Granite  Construction  Company,  C.S.  McCrossan,  Inc.,  Parsons
Transportation  Group,  Inc.,  and  Edwards  and  Kelcey.  EK  lead  responsibilities  for  the  structural  design

of  bridges  and  walls,  traction  power  and  overhead  centenary  systems  and  overall  system  design  quality
assurance. Provided support for all civil, track and utility, signal construction.

• Construction management and QA over-site of design of the new alignment for, foundations and station. ADA
compliance stations with Elevators and Escalators.

•  Construction  management  of  twelve  miles  of  new  alignment  linking  downtown  Minneapolis/  St.  Paul
International Airport (17) seventeen new station

• Review and approval of all signal cable and fire, ECB, telephone and audio/visual PA system. External fiber
optic cable installation and test several types of communication cables. Smart station technology for all cashier
booths.
.

SEPTA-MarketStreetElevatedRailReconstructionProject
$600 million Project,

• Demolition and Construction of over three miles of Elevated guide way structure, the construction of (6) six
new 50,000 sq ft stations buildings and the installation of automated train control signals.

• Construction management and QA over-site of design of the guide way, foundations and station buildings.

• Subway reconstruction of existing stations and platforms. Cut in new section to exiting track. Construction
of new track alignment super-elevated rail in new section. All rails were top down construction on new Direct
Fixations Fasteners (EGGS). All new DF fasteners were construction on concrete plinth pads.

• Review and approved contractor submittals for all communications equipment and grounding. Basis electrical
for traction power cables and conduits, enclosed switches, materials and methods.

• Review and approval of all signal cable and fire, ECB, telephone and audio/visual PA system. External fiber
optic cable installation and test several types of communication cables.
.

•  Conducted  progress  and  technical  meetings,  communications  with  the  contractor,  field  coordination  and
sequencing of work.

•  Provided  engineering  support  and  procedural  review  of  submittals,  RFI's,  Daily  Reports  and  Change
Directives.

• Managed field staff including superintendents and inspectors and coordinate construction of public safety and
contractor safety compliance and notifications including street and sidewalk closures, as well as temporary
facilities for continuous service operations.

• Guide way and Stations constructed according to AAHSTO and AISC, LRFD standards to insure method of
proportioning structural members so no applicable limit state is reached when the structure is subjected to all
appropriate load combinations. 
New Jersey Transit

Resident Engineer
One Penn Plaza  -  Newark, NJ - June 1997 to September 2000

Contract Position)
• Big Shark River Line Reconstruction Project, $2million
• Morrisville Train Storage Yard, New Jersey Transit- Bridges # 40 & # 50 $40million

•  Construction  Management  and  supervision  of  the  construction  and  Re-alignment  of  New  Rail  Yard.
Construction of Yard Master Facility 60,000sq-yd Building,

• Construction of (2) new sample span bridges over Amtrak Lines below. Demolition and Reconstruction of
existing new facilities, also coordination with Conrail. Responsible for cost estimating and change order review,
Pay Invoice review and Schedules, Submittals review.
.
• QA over site for all construction also performed QA for all major steel erections, all welds and structural
connection according to AWS D1.1, and RCSC for bolt up.

• Review of all non destructive testing and procedures of structural members.

Assistant Project Manager
Parsons Transportation Group - September 1993 to June 1997

• QA over-site of Construction of the Metropolitan Water District Southern California's $1.2 billion, Work plans
and Drawings and Specifications.

• Also managed test and inspection of 7.9 miles of tunnel and 0.3 miles of cut-and-cover pipeline. Tunnel where
16-feet in width and holds a 12-foot-diameter steel pipeline. Elevation varies from 60 to 800 feet below surface.

• Also inspection of all equipment, tag and logout including Tunnel Boring Machine a 220-foot-long, guided by a
laser navigation system and has a 16-foot-diameter cutting face. The 250-ton unit is self-propelled and includes
a trailing gear assembly, hydraulic rams and a muck conveyor system. An integrated push-pull locomotive and
gantry car system disposes of nearly 25 tons of rock/advance. Also responsible for inspection of grouting of
25 foot average advance horizontal stabilization drill holes. Responsible for QA over-sight of contractors crew
size of 12 to 15 persons per shift. Nine Daily Inspector's Reports generated per shift.

• Develop and coordination and preparation of oversight of the project in accordance with scope, schedule and
budget, control management of subcontractors, management of the client's relationships with contractors and
close out of project including lessons learned meeting coordination.

Engineering Technician
Quantum Chemicals  -  Cincinnati, OH - June 1987 to September 1993

• Manage project and contractor in a retrofit of new storage tanks and product line.
• Supervised crews for the operation, maintenance and repair of remediation systems.

• Directed the, construction and maintenance of free product recovery projects. Reviewed initial design and
implemented work, environmental production, quality control and sampling analysis plans. Reviewed design
packages and reviewed scopes of work and bid packages for subcontractors.

• Direct and coordinate internal and external resources to prepare facility plans for the long term growth of each
of the Quantum sites as required. Assisted in planning capital budgets, writing and circulate CER documents,
design plant facilities, manage construction activities, and maintain budget compliance.

•  Coordinate  with  federal,  state,  and  local  regulatory  authorities  to  manage  projects  requiring  regulatory
approval  including  the  FDA,  EPA,  DEP,  L&I,  Township  and  Local  Authorities,  and  others.  Develops  and
maintains the department expense and personnel budget.

Engineering Technician, Combat Engineer
U.S. Army Reserves - Corp of Engineers  -  Fort Campbell, KY - 1987 to 1992

• Experience in steel and precast concrete structural analysis and design
• Construction of deep foundations and support structures including caissons and H piles.

Minor Business Administration
B.S. Civil Engineering - June 1986 to June 1986

NAVSSES Entry level Engineer (Internship)
Philadelphia Naval Shipyard Engineering Station  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1982 to 1986

• Assisted in design modifications of shipboard elevator program.

• Designed and modified logic control panels for egress, cargo torpedo and service elevators

Central State University, Wilberforce, Ohio

