Matthew Muir

R&D Engineer (restructuring)

Exton, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Matthew-Muir/1a4d5afa4f3ebac8

An  award-winning  Process/Product  Engineer  and  Research  Chemist  who  delivers  cost  savings  and  new/
improved products using solutions based in the science of Polymer Morphology and Rheology.
Manages  large  projects  collaboratively  within  matrixed  work  environments.  Thrives  in  complex  work
environments requiring strong problem solving, communications, and systems skills.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

R&D Engineer (restructuring)
AGC CHEMICALS AMERICA  -  Exton, PA - 2014 to 2015

Exton, PA 2014 - 2015
$11B manufacturer of fluoropolymers for wire & cable, gaskets, and other industrial applications.
R&D Engineer (restructuring)
Responsible for developing and commercializing improved fluoropolymer compounds. Led cross-functional
teams,  worked  directly  with  plant  and  external  customers.  Trained  interns  in  pilot-scale  formulation  and
technical reporting.
• Identified a mineral filler for PTFE compounds which improved wear resistance by 25% and deformation
under load (creep) by 30%.
• Determined the essential properties which contributed to increased conductivity that reduced filler loading
by 20% in carbon-fluoropolymer compounds.

Group/Project Leader, Product Development and R&D (restructuring)
VALSPAR CORPORATION  -  Pittsburgh, PA - 2013 to 2014

Pittsburgh, PA 2013 - 2014
$4B manufacturer of paints and food packaging materials in the international consumer and industrial markets.
Group/Project Leader, Product Development and R&D (restructuring)
Managed a group of one (1) chemist and two (2) technicians and solved technical problems for barrier materials
for PET-based food-packaging products. Responsible for R&D, quality, and all technical facets of the product
line.
• Identified a UV-blocking additive which reduced UV transmission through bottles while maintaining oxygen
scavenging properties resulting in improved shelf life.
• Optimized a new line of non-polyester packaging materials for a new market segment resulting in a consumer-
friendly, recyclable product.

Project and Process Engineer (restructuring)
VEYANCE TECHNOLOGIES  -  Fairlawn, OH - 2012 to 2013

Fairlawn, OH 2012 - 2013
$2B manufacturer and seller of Goodyear Engineered Products servicing industrial and transportation markets.
Project and Process Engineer (restructuring)
Responsible for improving plant processes using lubricants, slab dips, and mold release agents for global plant
operations, resulting in cost-saving efforts and scrap-reducing projects.
• Identified an opportunity to save $200K through lubricant substitution shortly after beginning new position.

•  Discovered  lubricant  which  enabled  an  industrial  hose  product  to  be  reliably  produced,  which  generated
$150K in new revenues during the first year.

Senior Product Engineer
GARLOCK SEALING TECHNOLOGIES  -  Palmyra, NY - 2003 to 2012

Palmyra, NY 2003 - 2012
$70M leading manufacturer of gaskets and sealing products with 1800+ employees in 15 international plants.
Senior Product Engineer
Designed  and  maintained  line  of  gasketing  products  with  daily  interactions  with  external  suppliers  and
customers,  marketing,  and  plant  personnel.  Responsibilities  included  overseeing  technicians  and  junior
engineers, designing new products, writing purchase specifications, monitoring quality testing, and adjusting
operating conditions to improve production lines.
•  Hired,  trained,  supervised,  and  evaluated  four  technicians,  who  performed  testing  and  conducted
manufacturing  prototype  trials,  and  6  co  op  students,  who  pursued  independent  projects  in  product
development and process improvement. One technician received two patents; one co-op was hired by Garlock
upon graduation.
GARLOCK SEALING TECHNOLOGIES )
• Developed sheet gasketing product (patent pending) which seals exceptionally well in oils and water, while
maintaining excellent flexibility. Product won Plant Engineering Magazine's Product of the Year in 2005.
•  Managed  large  cross-functional  project  to  remove  harmful  solvent  from  manufacturing  operation  while
improving environmental and health/safety footprint. Groundbreaking, patented process won 2008 US EPA
Environmental Excellence award.
• Led the process of qualifying a plant in Mexico City to produce a line of gasketing products. Trained engineers,
QC personnel, and operators in best practices; validated plant's production capability with testing and statistical
analysis.
•  Functioned  as  Project  Manager  for  process  which  replaced  PFOA-containing  dispersions  from  PTFE-
containing production line; this required lab testing, prototype trials, full-scale production trials, and follow-up
after implementation. Project involved 12 people spanning 6-12 months and was managed using MS Project.
• Teamed with customers to evaluate and revise product specifications and testing protocols, saving $50K
annually in testing and $40K annually in scrap reduction.

Senior Research Chemist
THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY  -  Akron, OH - 1988 to 2001

Akron, OH 1988 - 2001
World's 3rd largest tire and rubber company with $18B in sales, 17,000 employees, plants in 64 countries.
Senior Research Chemist
Responsibilities included variety of research projects in product development and utilizing a variety of analytical
tools, focusing on relating morphology to end-use properties of rubber and polyester materials.
• Examined mechanical, thermal, and rheological properties of blends of PET with other polyesters. Evaluated
additives which resulted in improved thermal properties while retaining desirable levels of crystallinity. Cut
customers' cycle times by 25%.
• Studied physical properties of blends of various rubber polymers. Determined criteria which would yield tires
with improved morphology resulting in tires with 50% improved traction.
•  Introduced  X-ray  fluorescence  to  determine  concentration  of  additives  in  rubber  compounds.  Developed
variety of test methods to serve rubber compounding groups. Contributed to reducing 40% in concentration of
curing accelerants, saving one plant over $80K per year in materials costs.
•  Evaluated  effect  of  stretching  conditions  on  thermal  and  morphological  properties  of  PEN  experimental
design,  evaluated  critical  parameters  for  improvement  of  gas-barrier  properties  using  wide-angle  X-Ray
diffraction and thermal analysis.

• Studied effect of adding nucleants on crystallization kinetics of PET utilizing wide-angle X-Ray diffraction
and  thermal  analysis.  Identified  an  additive  which  improved  peak  crystallization  temperature  significantly,
decreasing cycle time by 50%+ in manufacturing processes. This saved one customer over $50K in energy
and operating costs in their first year.
•  Determined  cause  of  stress-cracking  of  polyester  articles  under  storage.  Modeled  time-temperature
conditions which could cause damage to articles due to physical aging. Educated customers on proper storage
conditions, saving an estimated $50K/year in damage.
• Determined crystallinity of natural rubber and analogs using X-ray diffraction. Determined effect of various
additives on crystallinity under variety of conditions and developed models to predict end-use properties using
laboratory data.

EDUCATION

Ph.D. in Polymer Science and Engineering
UNIVERSITY OF MASSACHUSETTS - Amherst, MA

B.S. in Chemical Engineering
UNIVERSITY OF MASSACHUSETTS - Amherst, MA

SKILLS

Product Development (10+ years), Six Sigma (10+ years), R&D (10+ years), Supervision (10+ years), Team
Leading (10+ years), Polymer R&D (10+ years)

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/in/muirmatt

