Michael O'Connor

Chemical / Manufacturing Operator - Air Liquide Medal

Eagleville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-O'Connor/9b338009f97894a2

To obtain a challenging and rewarding position

WORK EXPERIENCE

Chemical / Manufacturing Operator
Air Liquide Medal - July 2013 to Present

Working as a chemical and manufacturing operator as for the Air Liquide Medal Chemical Company in Newport
De.  We  manufacture  membrane  fibers.  We  use  a  process  that  separates  industrial  gases.  This  is  called
membrane  separation.  Membrane  separation  is  the  principle  of  selective  permeation  to  separate  various
gases. This is done by forming polymer-based hollow fibers. The material allows littler molecules to move
through them easier than bigger molecules. As a gas mixture passes through the fibers, the smaller molecules
stay in. Samples are taken for quality control. Once approved. The fibers are packed into bundles. The finished
product is used in many aircrafts like Airplanes (Boeings 737), and Helicopters. We also make our own raw
materials. Using large reactors and mix tanks. Chemical liquids and powders are loaded into the reactors and
mix tanks. Then the materials are heated and mixed. Once the reactions take place. The material is filled out,
test for quality control. Then the materials are injected to make the thin hollow fibers. Then fibers are then run
through a series of chemical coaters. Trained on fork trucks, and pallet jacks.

Contact: Nazlie Najiyyah (The Franklin Company) for reference - (302) 661-4100
(Was Hired as a Temp To Hire Employee through The Franklin Company)
Cort Cameron (Air Liquide Medal) for reference - (443) 206-1397

Chemical Operator / Liquid and Powders Compounder
Ottens Flavors  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2012 to July 2013

Worked  as  a  Chemical  Operator  /  Liquid  and  Powders  Compounder  for  the  Ottens  Flavors  Company  in
Philadelphia Pa. We made food flavorings in large reactors and mixing tanks. Once the material is loaded
to the tanks. It is mixed, heated, and then tested for quality. Then the material is filled out into large trays.
Then the trays are put into large ovens and cook for a few hours. Once the trays are finished. The material
is solid and then is grinded into a powder. Then it is blended and filled out. Samples are taken again before
the material is shipped.
Contact: Jeff Marceau for reference - (609) 947-4050

Reaction Field Operator First Class
E.I. DuPont De Nemours & Co. Inc - July 2009 to June 2011

Two years experience as a Reaction Field Operator at DuPont Edgemoor Plant. Fully capable of monitoring,
inspecting, and troubleshooting a chemical reaction system. Periodic patrols of assigned equipment, regulate
system  pressures,  temperatures,  cooling  water  coverage,  etc.  The  product  Titanium  Dioxide  is  what  we
produced. Hands on with large pumps, condensers, manual valves, etc in the field that have to be switched
back  and  forth  during  the  process.  Control  room  operation  where  automatic  valves  are  open  and  closed.
When manual or automatic valves fail. Issue work orders, prepare job plans for area responsibility to maintain
equipment and operating facilities. Fully trained aspects of proper Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) and
Respirator fit testing. Trained on Pipeline trouble shooting and redirecting. Pipeline pigging to determine plug
lines and to keep lines free. Heat trace laser equipment used for pipeline trouble shooting. Fork truck training

and license. Trained in the lock, tag, and try lock out procedure. Trained and part of the emergency response
team.
Contact: Mark Schilling for reference - (302) 588-7855

Process Engineering Operator First Class
E.I. DuPont De Nemours & Co. Inc - April 2002 to July 2009

Seven years experience as a Process Engineering Operator and Warehouse Operator at DuPont Marshall
Laboratory. Fully capable in all aspects of polymer manufacturing and laboratory testing. Operated multiple
reactor  systems  in  the  high  hazard  Process  Engineering  semi-works.  Keen  focus  on  safety,  health  and
environment with safe day to day operations. Experienced and trained warehouseman with license to operate
multiple  power  lift  equipment.  Worked  with  engineers,  chemists,  technologists  and  group  managers  to
implement the elements of Process Safety Management (PSM). Participated in numerous Process Hazards
Analysis  (PHA's)  and  monthly  Safety  Audits  and  found  permanent  solutions  to  these  analysis  and  audit
findings. Used LIMS system for sample ID, testing and tracking of test results. Another form of trouble shooting
was  using  technical  writing  skills  to  upgrade  Area  Operating  Procedures  (AOP's)  and  Standard  Operating
Procedures  (SOP's).  These  procedure  upgrades  improved  safety  and  batch  quality  as  well  as  simplified
training using the revised AOP's & SOP's. Some examples of laboratory tests include solids testing, viscosity
testing, titrations, pH determinations, turbidity, and many more test. Work Experience in the PE semi-works
also include two years of dispersion technology experience, developing next generation tinted product lines
(pigmented products). Performed many types quality control laboratory testing associated with raw materials,
in  process  samples,  and  finished  products  involved  with  Dispersion  technology  following  established  test
methods. Trained and part of the ergonomics team. Trained and part of the emergency response team.

Retain Chemical team member
The Franklin Company / E.I. DuPont De Nemours & Co. Inc - December 1999 to March 2002

Two years experience as a Retain Chemical team member as a contract employee at DuPont Experimental
Station. Handled and stored over twenty two thousand different type of chemicals. Fork truck training and
license.

contract employee
The Franklin Company / E.I. DuPont De Nemours & Co. Inc - July 1997 to December 1999

Three  years  experience  as  a  chemical  packaging  team  member  as  a  contract  employee  at  DuPont  Stine
Haskell site. In charge of packing and disposing of chemical waste on the site. Fully trained in the material
safety data sheets (MSDS) and Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA) Hazardous Waste Operations
and Emergency Response (Hazwoper) Training. Fork truck training and license.

EDUCATION

computer science
Delaware County Community College

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

KEYWORD SUMMARY:
Trained  in  all  elements  of  Process  Safety  Management.  Reactor  Safety  Team  participant.  Participated  in
multiple Process Hazard Analysis reviews and Reactor Safety Audits. Respected area resource, responsible
for  training  many  operators  new  to  the  department.  Computer  skills  include  Lotus  Notes,  Excel,  Word,
PowerPoint. Fully trained in all aspects of Chemical handling and proper Personal Protective Equipment (PPE).

Fully trained and many years experience on fork trucks, pallet jacks, high reach pickers, and boom lifts. Trained
and part of the emergency response and ergonomics teams.

