Nipun Bisht

Chemical, Biological, Radiological & Nuclear Specialist - US Army

Hatfield, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nipun-Bisht/e8257e6fb58a298d

Detail driven engineer with over 5 years of experience, anticipated BS in Chemical Engineering and a track
record of success in consistent achievement of engineering project goals. Efficient and organized team
player with success in coordinating efforts within internal-external teams to reach and surpass established
goals. Intermediate level skills in process engineering, research, and testing.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Chemical, Biological, Radiological & Nuclear Specialist
US Army  -  Reading, PA - March 2013 to Present

Pennsylvania Reading, PA
Army National Guard
Military Occupational Specialty: 74D (Chemical, Biological, Radiological & Nuclear Specialist
Assist in the establishment of CBRN defense measures. Provide training advice and supervision regarding
CBRN equipment and operations. Train military and civilian personnel on CBRN response operations.
Operate and maintain CBRN detection and decontamination equipment. Serve on Biological Integrated
Detection Teams, STRYKER NBC Reconnaissance Platoons, Tech. Escort Battalions, Spl. Forces & Ranger
Units.

Lead Technologist, Formulation Sciences
Dow Chemical Company  -  Spring House, PA - January 2011 to Present

Assisted in Chemical R&D lab, with an initiative in biocide encapsulation in paints and coatings using
pickering techniques. Prepared and tested samples using different techniques. Implemented different
technologies for testing formulations, such as Infrared Spectrometry (ATR-IR), Gas Chromatography (GC)

Technologist, Emerging Technologies
PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL  -  Spring House, PA - March 2010 to May 2010

Spring House, PA

Technologist, Emerging Technologies
Assisted in the Chemical R&D lab set-up. Maintained and initiated Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for
new lab equipment such as coating stations. Categorized paints and polishes on the basis of viscosity,
luminosity and surface crack formation. Troubleshooted minor equipment errors and reported major
faults to the manufacturers technical support and arranged for maintenance.

PAD Materials R&D Engineer
Rohm and Haas Electronic  -  Newark, DE - April 2008 to September 2008

Assisted in the Chemical R&D lab. Prepared lab scale samples for polymer formulations and coatings.
Incorporated variety of techniques (coagulation, solvent evaporation, etc.).Chemicals included solvents such
as DMF and polymeric precursors such as polyols, polyamines and isocyanates. Physically
characterized polymer solutions, coatings and solid polymers using a variety of techniques including
viscometry, solids determination, microscopy, mechanical wear testing. Trained on SEMs and other
analytical tools such as WYKO 8000, RSA3, and RDA3.

Plant Engineering Assistant
Exelon Nuclear Generation  -  Pottstown, PA - September 2007 to March 2008

Worked with groups comprising Site Engineering i.e., Programs, Emergency Core Cooling Systems (ECCS),
Balance of Plant and Electrical/HVAC. Gained invaluable experience in understanding system
interdependence, performance monitoring and equipment reliability. Worked on projects and assignments that
directly reported to Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) and Institute of Nuclear
Power Operations (INPO). Gained experience in data collection, data trending, root cause evaluations,
routine and surveillance testing. Helped system managers in developing Performance Monitoring
Projects. Accompanied system managers regularly during walk-downs inside the plant and helped in data
collection as well as equipment troubleshooting. Gained insight on Nuclear Safety, Highly Proceduralized
Work Environment and acquired valuable skills like Print Reading Qualification, Radiation Worker/Foreign
Material  Exclusion  Training  and  Confined  Space  Training.  Active  member  of  Site  Diversity  Council  during
length of my co-op. Got hands-on experiences on site wide forced and refuel outages.

Rohm and Haas Electronic  -  Marlborough, MA - September 2006 to March 2007

Materials
Research and Development Engineering Co-op
•Determined the performance of photo resist by measuring the mobility of acid/base in resist films. •Gained
experience with tools, equipment and chemistry including absorption spectroscopy, spin coating, volumetric
equipment, and photo resist chemistry, theory of acid- base equilibrium and diffusion theory. •Monitored acid
diffusion  in  photo  resist  matrices  via  fluorescence  spectroscopy.  •Gained  insight  on  how  acid  propagated
through a
film is a different way of looking at a photo resist. •Researched the behavior of a resist when its acid mobility
was
changed.  Exposed  to  fluorescence  spectroscopy,  fluorescent  pH  indicators  and  worked  in  a  clean  room.
•Tested resist
prototypes.  •Trained  on  state-of-the  art  lithographic  tools  such  as  ASML/800  scanner,  TEL  MARK8  track,
KLA8100
SEM.

Laboratory Technician
PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL  -  West Conshohocken, PA - September 2005 to March 2006

West Conshohocken, PA

Laboratory Technician
•Performed routine calibrations, tests, test set-ups, data collection and/or data analysis in accordance with
recognized  procedures  like  ASTM  (American  Society  for  Testing  and  Materials)  and  EPA  (Environmental
Protection
Act). •Based upon a combination of experience and written instructions, drew conclusions and wrote reports
of project results. •Assisted senior technicians in developing new methods and procedures.

High Pressure Liquid Chromatography - 2000 to 2000

2000 Hydro Particle Size Analyzer, Veeco-Dektek
Profilometer, Differential Scanning Calorimetry, etc. Actively participated in safety initiatives such as BBP,
other monthly safety inspections, etc. Suggested various process improvements as well.

EDUCATION

Drexel University

2004 to 2007

Drexel University Essay Endorsement Grant
2004 to 2007

Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Specialties
Process engineering, research, high throughput research & application testing for coatings, equipment
troubleshooting, product development, bench-top chemistry. Dept. of Defense Certification in Hazmat
Operations

