Patrick McGuire

Associate Event Coordinator, Assistant Project Manager, Media Producer, Temple
University Graduate

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Patrick-McGuire/40cdb8c3087d861e

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Production Assistant
Live Nation Entertainment  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2016 to Present

Responsibilities
Responsible for daily pre-event setup procedures. Assist Stagehands and Entertainment/Artists with Load-
In/Load-Out. Advise sponsors, vendors, and other contracted workers for other miscellaneous tasks during
productions. 

Accomplishments
Worked with the Production Manager to set up large musical events sponsored by Radio 104.5 as a part of
the Summer Block Party shows, and the Roots' Picnic in June 2016.

Skills Used
Time management, and communication skills for several clients and contracted workers.

Project Manager's Assistant
Carr & Duff, Electrical Contractors  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
Assistant to the Site Project Manager, responsible for organizing office and job site materials, manage office
case files, time and material sheets, daily manpower reports, and payroll hours for electricians, as well as
manage various excel spreadsheets for project data management.

Production Assistant
ESM Productions  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2015 to October 2015

Responsibilities
Assisted Production and Site Operations Managers during the Papal Visit (World Meeting Of Families) of 2015,
filmed and edited a time-lapse video of the creation of the Papal Stage to be sent out to major media and local
news outlets, and coordinated activities and acted as a liaison with labor unions and local vendors to complete
the production of the Papal Stage at Eakins Oval for the Papal Mass.

Marketing Intern
Morey's Piers and Beach Front Waterparks  -  Wildwood, NJ - May 2015 to September 2015

Responsibilities
Served as the assistant to the Director of Branding, Public Relations Manager, and Social Media Content
Manager,  produced  and  edited  professional  photographs  and  film  media  to  be  uploaded  to  the  company
website,  wrote  and  published  web-based  articles  uploaded  to  the  company  website,  wrote  and  proofread
contracts for newly hired entertainment, and created and maintained a digital video series uploaded to the
company's YouTube channel.

Front Desk Receptionist
Temple University - Office of Facilities Management  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2011 to May 2015

Responsible for maintaining organizational system of over 500
employee  records,  and  filing  on  a  daily  basis,  implemented  time  distribution  system  for  employee  payroll,
delivering  mail  to  multiple  buildings  on  campus,  directed  calls  from  inside  and  outside  Temple  University,
working  closely  with  department  supervisor,  and  dispatched  mechanics  &  engineers  for  emergencies  on
Temple's campus.

Maintenance Supervisor
Raging Waters/Ocean Oasis Waterparks  -  Wildwood, NJ - May 2011 to September 2011

Trained and maintained a team of maintenance technicians for 12+ hour days, supervised daily opening and
closing operations, responsible for finding
solutions to daily problems under a limited time schedule, operated and maintained heavy
machinery, water pumps, and filtration systems on daily basis, and handling hazardous
chemicals while operating under OSHA safety regulations.

Guest Services Representative
Raging Waters/Ocean Oasis Waterparks  -  Wildwood, NJ - May 2007 to September 2010

Adhered  to  guest  concerns  and  expedited  solutions  for  thousands  of  guests  daily,  distribution  of  park
admissions and sales through POS Sales
systems.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts in Media Studies and Production
Temple University - School of Media and Communications - Philadelphia, PA
2011 to 2015

LINKS

https://www.linkedin.com/in/patrick-mcguire-4144a9aa

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS

-Expert use of media editing programs like Final Cut Pro, Pro Tools, Adobe Premier Pro,
Photoshop, Avid Editing Software,
-Efficient use of production/directing ENPS software.
-Expert in use of professional cameras, filming equipment, at professional and collegiate sport
and news events.
-Directing and producing highly organized high school and college level news and sports update
programming.
-Working under tight time schedules to produce multiple media types from TV and News shows
to short film, radio advertisements, highlight reels, and commercials.
-Making and receiving phone calls numerous times throughout the day, with strong professional
manner.
-Producing, directing, and editing in professional audio recording studios & home studios.
-Expert in working with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook & WordPress.

-Maintaining high level of inter-personal communication within and outside workplace
environments for guest, customers, and co-workers alike.

