Robert Alpern

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Robert-Alpern/149e2b265ce8d556

WORK EXPERIENCE

Capital Project Engineer
Merck & Co  -  West Point, PA - May 2011 to Present

Responsibilities
Global Engineering Services (GES) – Capital Project Engineer, Project Management 
•Presently – Lead Capital Project Engineer for Merck’s new Keytruda® cancer drug. Actively leading a highly
global cross-functional team for the new custom and innovative single-use End-to-End Freeze/Thaw Platform.
Responsible for leading seven interdependent work streams from research and development through Proof-
of-Concept to develop a scalable single-use technology across Merck’s future vaccines and biologics. 
•Lead  Capital  Project  Design  Engineer  for  Merck’s  Keytruda®  single-use  stability  developmental  study.
Responsible for designing, fabricating and testing the mechanical design through qualification for the stability
studies and scale-up platform. 
•Lead  Capital  Project  Engineer  for  Barrier  Operations  to  design,  install  and  commission  new  innovative
production utility equipment to significantly eliminate operational risks. Actively led the project team through
engineering design, schedule, cost controls, installation, qualification, and production start-up. 
•Lead Capital Project Engineer to retrofit the Measles, Mumps, and Rubella (MMR®) and Culture Media facility
to meet the World Health Organization (WHO), TGA, FDA, Merck Quality Gaps. Consulted closely with internal
company stakeholder and external engineering partners to lead the project’s concept, basis of design, and
detailed design engineering deliverables. Actively provided engineering support for installation through the
qualification and start-up phases. 
•Actively led a team of internal and external engineering partners to meet the business’ long range operating
goals to design, build, install, validate, and turnover two new custom temperature control units to renovate the
MMR® production facility. Recognized by Corporate Merck for successful project delivery, doubling current
yearly production of MMR®.
•Commissioning and Qualification Lead to develop, generate, execute and approve over 70 GMP protocols
for the Barrier Operations, MMR® and Culture Media Projects.

Staff Engineer - Global Engineering Services
Merck Sharp & Dohme Co  -  Whitehouse, NJ - December 2008 to May 2011

Global Engineering Services (GES) - Rotational/Leadership Program
•Engineer  Lead  for  the  Varivax®  roller  bottle  tissue  culture  retrofit  project  to  implement  process  design
improvements. Installed new process waste air breaks and associated diaphragm valves, recirculation pumps,
and  process  air  valves  for  cGMP  compliance.  Led  project  with  a  team  of  operations,  quality/compliance,
automations,  and  external  manufacturing  partners  from  concept  through  detailed  design,  construction,
qualification, start-up and site turnover. 
•Analyzed Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) of three different Shell Freezer designs for Merck’s new Varivax®
facility  in  Durham,  NC.  Least  cost  shell  freezer  failure  mode  option  chosen,  resulting  in  cost  savings  of
$2.55MM.
•Consulted  closely  with  Operations  to  streamline,  standardize  and  optimize  the  new  GMP  material  and
personnel flow requirements for Schering Plough’s newest packing line in Xochimilco, Mexico. 
•Corporate  team  member  to  harmonize  and  consolidate  Merck/Schering-Plough’s  Engineering  Standard,
Practices and Procedures for the newly combined company. 

•Green Belt Project Design lead to install new Varivax® waste pumps for automated process disposal, resulting
in financial savings of $187K/year.

Global Engineering Services - Viral Vaccine Process Engineer
Merck & Co  -  West Point, PA - June 2007 to August 2007

Co-Op - West Point, PA June 2007 - August 2007

Global Engineering Services (GES) - Viral Vaccine Process Engineer
• Designed and developed a process improvement to help automate the new VAQTA®
Incubators and Alum Skids. Strategically designed a shroud to encase the incubator's and alum's scale for
accurate GMP data reading.
• Completed P&ID walk downs and redlines of the new VAQTA® incubators, alum
skids, and chromatography instruments.

Technical Operations/System Engineering - Electro Optics Engineer
Lockheed Martin Co-Op - June 2006 to August 2006

Created FLIR LOS Matlab program for the Internal Research and Development
(IRAD) program.
• Performed image enhancement and processing and improvements on Joint Strike
Fighter's (JSF) sniper pod.

Technical Operations
Johnson & Johnson Co-Op  -  Gurabo, Puerto Rico, US - December 2005 to May 2006

Performed scanning electron microscope analyses for Anti-Counterfeiting project in
Chicago, IL.
• Created Process Capability chart of all J&J North American pharmaceutical products.
• Developed Lean Value Stream Maps to improve Alza Corp Clinical Supply Process.
• Yellow Belt Process Excellence training and certification through J&J.

Research Assistant - Nanopolymers
Tufts University - July 2005 to August 2005

Research Assistant
• Performed various tests and analyses on Poly(vinylidene) Fluoride, PVDF: X-Ray
Diffraction, Differential Scanning Calorimetry, Polarized Optical Microscopy, and
Fourier Transform Infrared Spectroscopy.
• Project Results presented to the American Chemical Society (ACS) in
Washington D.C. August 29 - 30, 2005.

EDUCATION

Master of Engineering - Mechanical Engineering in Mechanical Engineering
Rochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY
2008

SKILLS

ProEngineer, Matlab, ANSYS, Minitab

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/pub/robert-alpern/5/a62/178/

AWARDS

Merck Award of Excellence: 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013

CERTIFICATIONS

Fundamentals of Engineering Certification - NY State Board of Engineering
April 2009 to Present

Green Belt Certification - Merck & Co
December 2009 to Present

PUBLICATIONS

Impact of Nanosilicates on Poly(vinylidene fluoride) Crystal Polymorphism: Part 1. Melt-
crystallization at High Supercooling
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0032386110000388
March 11, 2010
Polymorphism of poly(vinylidene fluoride), PVDF, in the presence of Lucentite STN organically modified silicate
(OMS) is investigated for PVDF nanocomposites melt-crystallized at high supercooling temperatures where
neat PVDF crystallizes exclusively in the alpha crystalline phase. Nanocomposites were prepared from solution
with 0–1.0 wt% OMS composition. Here we observed that clay addition promotes gamma phase formation
in nanocomposites melt-crystallized at high supercooling (i.e., at low crystallization temperature), whereas
previously  we  showed  that  even  small  amount  of  nanosilicates  resulted  in  beta  phase  formation  in  cold-
crystallized PVDF nanocomposites [1]. (Polymer: Volume 51, Issue 6, 11 March 2010, Pages 1485–1493)

