Ronald Knerr

Director of Manufacturing

Norristown, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ronald-Knerr/be0f4ce9b8c743b8

Extensive  experience  in  manufacturing  management  and  research,  including  productivity  and  quality
improvement, process troubleshooting, labor relations, control system programming, product development,
pilot plant scale-up and quality management. Experience with manufacture of simple and complex esters for
lubricant, cosmetic and polyester market applications. Experience with polymerization of thermoplastic and
thermosetting polymers, composite structures and thermoplastic compounding. Diverse background includes
ISO quality management […] control system programming (Foxboro I/A), OSHA PSM standard application
[…] OSHA Star Safety Program and regulatory issues (NPDES, Title V permits, OSHA, DEP, EPA). Applies
technical knowledge to resolve operational and quality issues utilizing Six Sigma tools.

PROCESS CONTROL/COMPUTER SKILLS
FOXBORO TRAINING INSTITUTE, Foxboro, Massachusetts:
SYS 1 - I/A Series Integrated Configuration And CON 1 - I/A Series Integrated Control
Proficiency with Microsoft Word, Excel and Access, Project, SAP R/3 v4.6, NWA Quality Analyst, HP3000,
BASIC programming, FORTRAN, PASCAL, Foxboro I/A HLBL, Expertune Control Tuning, Railtrac, Bailey
Network 90, Biles & Assoc AIM. Familiar with Ladder Logic, Modicon PLC, FINClient, TrendX, Powerpoint.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Director of Manufacturing
INOLEX CHEMICAL COMPANY - 2007 to April 2014

Responsible  for  Manufacturing  Functions  of  20MM  lb  annual  production  of  organic  esters  for  cosmetic
and  lubricant  applications.  Responsible  for  Production,  Maintenance,  Engineering,  Shipping,  Safety  and
Environmental  functions.  Managed  $13MM  annual  manufacturing  budget.  Labor  relations  (Grievance,
Arbitration  and  Contract  negotiation  w/  Teamster  Local  169),  project  management,  Process  Safety
Management  (OSHA  1910.119),  ISO  and  EFfCI  GMP  compliance  (European  Federation  for  Cosmetic
Ingredients), NPDES Water Permit and Title V Air Permit, OSHA, DEP, EPA, IOTG, DOT.

Sr Process Engineer
Inolex Chemical Company  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2005 to 2007

Monitor operations to ensure compliance with POTW(water), Title V (air) and Solid Waste permits.
Prepare  periodic  regulatory  reports  for  air,  water  and  solid  waste  (Tier  II,  SARA,  Title  V,  POTW,  Form  R,
FIFRA, DEP 26R, 330, etc).
Evaluate alternative plant processes to reduce waste generation.
Monitor and improve polyester production processes to increase productivity and efficiencies.
Support OSHA 1910.119 compliance efforts. PHR participation and corrective action resolution.

Quality Control Supervisor
OCCIDENTAL CHEMICAL CORPORATION - 2002 to March 2005

Direct  Quality  and  Analytical  lab  functions  in  ISO  9001:2000  certified  laboratory.  Supervise  ten  USWA
bargaining unit technicians and one exempt Analytical Lab Plant Technologist.
- Maintain laboratory operations consistent with ISO requirements and ensure effective laboratory function by
managing test procedure integrity, product disposition coding, supply management, personnel scheduling and
training and USWA labor/management relations.

-  Implemented  and  managed  multiple  job  consolidations  that  resulted  from  a  headcount  reduction  in  the
Process Control laboratory in April 2002 and the closure of the Pottstown PVC Pilot Plant operation in February
2003.
- Assisted with transitional audit from ISO 9002:1994 to ISO 9001:2000 standard in May 2003.
Revised QC product coding system to streamline product disposition status and inventory control
- Operated Perkin Elmer Gas Chromatographs and FT-IR Spectrophotometer

OCCIDENTAL CHEMICAL CORPORATION  -  Pottstown, PA - 1987 to 2005

Plant Closure)

Process Engineer
OCCIDENTAL CHEMICAL CORPORATION - 1999 to 2002

Provided daily technical support to the Production Group to maintain productivity levels and improve quality
performance.  Performed  productivity  and  quality  performance  analyses,  material  and  energy  balances.
Equipment included reactors, compressors, spray dryers, rotary dryers, centrifuges, relief valves (Fauske) and
Bailey and Modicon control systems.

Identified  key  variables  impacting  quality  performance,  specifically  color-forming  by-products  in  process
equipment and variable reactor conversion control. Suspension resin offgrade was reduced from 34% in 1999
to 9.9% in 2000, 9.5% in 2001, and 7.2% in 2002.

Led Recycle Monomer pH Task Force team to identify key process parameters to control recycle monomer
quality.

Participated in numerous customer visits with sales representatives to discuss technical issues.

Safety: Served as OSHA Star - Sub Committee Co-Chairperson for Contractor Safety/Procedures leading to
successful OSHA STAR certification for the Pottstown site in 2002. Process Hazard Review Leader - Led
OSHA 1910.119 PHR for Emergency Control Systems and issued PHR report; Trained Coordinated Auditor
(Safety, Environmental)

R&D/Process Engineer, Pilot Plant
OCCIDENTAL CHEMICAL CORPORATION - 1987 to 1999

Directed and supervised operation of Pilot Plant development reactors in support of 2 billion pound suspension
PVC  production  capacity.  Developed  and  improved  PVC  polymers  and  PVC  based  copolymers  through
formulation and process modification. Utilized DOE methodology as appropriate.

Developed polymerization formulations for improved color flexible PVC, resulting in quality improvements in
products representing 700 MM pounds of production.

Evaluated alternate clean reactor technology for use in PVC operations leading to supplantation of licensed
technology, resulting in annual savings of $2MM.

Developed,  scaled-up,  and  stewarded  production  of  specialty  PVC  electrical  grade  and  matte  finish
applications. Developed PVC formulation for powder coating applications.

Identified key process parameters for improved film grade PVC. Presented results as a member of Film Grade
Task Force.

Installed Foxboro I/A control system in Pilot Plant. Designed, configured and tuned process control system for
300 gallon development reactor and 1000 gallon Semiworks reactor.

Process/Product Development Engineer
SYNTHANE TAYLOR CORPORATION  -  Oaks, PA - 1986 to 1987

Responsible for maintaining quality standards in the production of thermosetting laminates and tubing. Resin/
Substrates included phenolic, epoxy, silicone and melamine w/ glass, linen, paper, carbon fiber and Kevlar.
Developed/scaled up new laminates from bench scale through pilot scale to production. Trained employees
in SPC/SQC methods.

Certification Technician
LNP CORPORATION  -  Thorndale, PA - 1984 to 1986

Responsible for the evaluation, comparison and recommendation of compounded engineering thermoplastics.
Duties included injection molding of samples and physical testing of specimens.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Chemical Engineering
LEHIGH UNIVERSITY - Bethlehem, PA

M.S. in Materials Engineering
DREXEL UNIVERSITY - Philadelphia, PA

