Ronald Lewis

BOILER OPERATOR - INOLEX CHEMICAL COMPANY

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ronald-Lewis/bc962872e5d2f8e3

Highly dedicated, motivated and energetic facilities professional with 5 years of experience, with a commitment
to excellence and an outstanding track record of success in overseeing in all aspects of HVAC for a large
retail  chain  store.  With  outstanding  interpersonal  communication  skills,  with  the  ability  to  coordinate  work
outcomes  with  directors,  architects,  engineers,  facility  managers,  zoning  officials,  state  and  local  building
inspectors,  union  representatives,  as  well  as  contractors  and  subcontractors.  Highly  analytical,  budget-
conscious individual, who is able to meet deadlines and establish or maintain a high level building maintenance
program.  A  wide-ranging  knowledge  of  and  hands  on  experience  with  building  systems,  including  HVAC
equipment, kitchen equipment, fire suppression systems, electrical distribution systems, elevators, conveyor
systems, plumbing systems and refrigeration systems.

WORK EXPERIENCE

BOILER OPERATOR
INOLEX CHEMICAL COMPANY - 2013 to Present

Operate  and  Maintain  High  and  Low  Pressure  Water  tube  boilers,  Provide  steam  for  the  manufacture  of
specialty chemicals, and throughout the complex, Water treatment, and Regenerate polishers and softners,
Repair  and  service  oil  guns,  Heat  Exchangers,  Blow  down  boiler,  change  valves.  Work  hands  on  with
building system including HVAC systems, AHU'S, cooling towers, York and Tran chillers 2(500 TON) 2(400
TON) Compressors, Fans, Pack Pumps and preventative Maintenance on various other building equipment.
Provides detailed communication both written and verbal to supervisor and co workers.

Stationary Engineer
Kirk Bride Center - 2012 to 2013

Work hands on with building systems including HVAC system, Air Handlers, York Chillers, Roof top Units,
Exhaust Fans, Fire Tube Boilers Steams Distribution systems, Heat Exchangers, repair and service oil guns,
Water Treatment, Preventative Maintenance pumps and various other building equipment.

Building Engineer
School District of Philadelphia  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2008 to 2012

Responsible for the operation, maintaining, repair and diagnose of HVAC systems.
Responsibilities include but not limited to:

• Worked hands on with building systems including HVAC systems, Water, Fire and Atmospheric Boilers and
Steam Distribution system, Heat Exchangers, repair/service oil guns, pm pumps and Air Handles.
• Absorption, Centrifugal and Reciprocating Chillers, Roof Top Packaged Air Conditioners, Exhaust Fans and
all relating auxiliary equipment.
• Fire Suppression, Electrical, Plumbing and Water Treatment systems.
• Inspecting maintenance equipment and general repair work of trades mechanics and service technicians to
assure quality service and safety for the facility.
• Record all labor, material and equipment cost.
•  Plan,  develop  and  manage  projects  with  labor  force  or  outside  contractors  from  concept  thru  design,
documentation and occupancy by clients.

Service Attendant
Temple University Health System  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2000 to 2009

Responsibilities include but not limited to:

• Cleaning patient rooms and nursing stations
• Operate various floor cleaning machinery
• Clean and strip floors
• Boxed infectious waste
• Run autoclave

Floor Attendant
University of Pennsylvania Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1995 to 2000

Responsibilities include but not limited to:

• Cleaning patient rooms and nursing stations
• Operate various floor cleaning machinery
• Clean and strip floors
• Boxed infectious waste
• Run autoclave

EDUCATION

Diploma in Pennco tech
Peenco Tech Hvac - Bristol, PA
2014 to 2015

Master's
Ferris State University - Big Rapids, MI

Certificate
Philadelphia Academic School

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
• Facilities Management • Financial Management • Risk Management
• Project Management • Contract Negotiations • Estimating & Budgeting Projects
• Detailed Scheduling • Contractor Selection • DOH Standards & Compliance
• Bid Package Design • Schematic Design Review • Staff Training & Development
• Energy Management • HVAC Technical Expertise • Prepare & Prioritizes Work Request

