Ryan Spies

Manager, Sustainability Strategic Initiatives - Eastman Chemical Company

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ryan-Spies/26c8aab2c6d1b79c

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Manager, Sustainability Strategic Initiatives
Eastman Chemical Company  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2012 to Present

Corporate Sustainability Office
Key Focus Areas and Impact
● Charged with developing, refining and implementing an overarching sustainability strategy at Eastman by
leading, partnering and consulting teams across our varied business units and value chains.
● Primary "green building" in-house expert for Eastman's Building and Construction business units. Proactively
provide relevant marketplace adoption trends and product requirements to business directors for strategic
marketing implementation. Established "green" building expertise through development of Healthy Product
Declarations (HPD), Environmental Product Declarations (EPD), management of 3 LEED projects, and active
participation in the American Chemistry Council's building and construction value chain committee.
● Serving as the primary sustainability manager to the Integrated Global Supply Chain (IGSC) organization,
Energy Management team, Global Procurement team, Global Engineering team, and the Performance Films
business unit, with the explicit goal of implementing corporate strategic efforts through the lens of sustainability.
● Overseeing development of Power Purchase Agreements (PPA) with solar PV integrators at two US based
sites.
●  Directing  Eastman's  Resource  Efficiency  (solid  waste)  program.  Developed  platform  which  includes
establishing site selection reviews, determining criteria qualifications, evaluating 3rd party certification options,
and  executing  implementation.  Result:  Pilot  site  achieved  92%  diversion  from  landfill  rate,  a  35%  YoY
improvement, as well as a 38% cost reduction in the program's first year.
● Led conversion of primary operations in Eastern Tennessee to single-stream recycling campus wide. (6000+
employees, 400+ buildings)
● Leading Employee Outreach and Engagement program focused on communicating sustainability initiatives
across  Eastman  by  partnering  with  Corporate  Communications,  Government  Affairs  and  global  Marketing
Communications. Methods of outreach include intranet portal development, physical media, site presentations
and active on-site engagement programs.
● Primary LEED project manager for new 120ksqft HQ building in Kingsport, TN. Collaborating with architects,
builders, project managers and executive level stakeholders to pursue LEED Gold certification. Successfully
challenged and won 2 credit interpretation rulings (CIR) through the USGBC.
● Managed LEED certification efforts in Shanghai and Singapore, achieving LEED Gold in both locations in
2014.
● Engage continuously with external stakeholders at the US Green Building Council (USGBC), American
Chemistry  Council  (ACC),  Manufacturers  Alliance  for  Productivity  &  Innovation  (MAPI),  Net  Impact,  and
Sustainable Brands.

Analyst, Global Business Intelligence
Eastman Chemical Company  -  St. Louis, MO - 2011 to 2012

Advanced Interlayers Business Unit
Key Focus Areas and Impact

● Managed all market and competitive intelligence related to direct and adjacent global competitors through
qualitative and quantitative analysis.
● Analyzed and presented quarterly updates on competitive strategic intent, market share, product pricing,
technology development, capacity usage, cost base, and long-term investments through the collection and
evaluation of indiscriminate information provided by commercial, technical service and business managers
spread across 3 distinct global markets.
● Supported global photovoltaic, auto, and architectural business management teams in development and
analysis of complex market models that provide understanding of total market size, product share, competitor
growth, and horizon investments.
●  Benchmarked  sustainability  practices  of  direct  competitors  manufacturing,  distribution  and  marketing
strategies.
●  Served  end  markets  including:  Solar  Photovoltaic  (PV),  Energy  Efficient  Architectural  Glazing,  Green
Building,  Architectural  Hurricane  Glazing,  Safety  Glazing,  Automotive  Glazing,  Automotive  Acoustics,  and
Heads-Up-Display.

MBA Sustainability Intern
Covidien  -  St. Louis, MO - June 2010 to August 2010

Environment, Health and Safety Division
Key Focus Areas and Impact
● Structured a Renewable Energy Strategic Plan in order to meet short term energy goals using self-generating
and purchased alternatives. Explored Renewable Energy Credit market for opportunities at national and global
locations.
● Prepared metrics and GRI reporting materials for EHS leadership.
●  Developed  a  sustainability  tool  based  on  societal,  environmental  and  economic  factors  to  be  used  in
approval process for new and existing projects. Established a roll-out strategy for the metric in conjunction
with Covidien's overall sustainability position for future implementation (FY11). Clarified and documented EHS
position statement on LEED and Energy Star requirements for certification.
● Recipient of Covidien's 2010 Summer Intern Scholarship

Project Engineer
Naval Facilities Engineering Command HQ - Department of the Navy  -  Washington, DC - 2007 to 2009

MPF Utility Boat Program, LARC V Service Life Extension Program - Program Office
Key Focus Areas and Impact
● Managed two naval acquisition projects comprising 76 total craft for use by Naval personnel (Military Beach,
Diving and Construction Teams "SEABEES"). Duties consisted of contract negotiations, delivery coordination,
technical risk mitigation and financial analysis and design of on-going improvements.
● Reviewed all engineering drawings, technical manuals and maintenance procedures ensuring new designs
met MIL-SPEC requirements, fell within budget and fulfilled the desired requirement outlined by the users.
● Served as single point of contact and lead liaison between independent contractors, program managers
and naval personnel.
● Served as single point of contact and lead liaison between independent contractors, program managers
and naval personnel.

Mechanical Engineer
Naval Surface Warfare Center - Department of the Navy  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2005 to 2007

Firefighting, Damage Control and Chem-Bio Defense Branch
Key Focus Areas and Impact
●  Provided  engineering  input  on  all  current  and  future  Navy  firefighting  systems  including  Aqueous  Film
Forming Foam (AFFF), Carbon Dioxide, Heptafluoropropane (HFP), Halon 1301 and seawater systems.

● Inspected Aircraft Carrier USS Dwight D. Eisenhower in conjunction with senior inspectors on the Board of
Inspection and Survey (INSURV). Noted 34 separate discrepancies on AFFF firefighting system.
● Lead reviewer of a Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) grant for all-purpose pipe-patching system.
● Inspected decontamination stations aboard 6 in-service and new production destroyers with INSURV.

EDUCATION

Masters of Business Administration in Strategy and Sustainability
Washington University in St Louis - Olin Business School
2009 to 2011

Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
Lehigh University - P.C. Rossin College of Engineering & Applied Sciences
2001 to 2005

