Sofia Rassin

Account Manager / Documentation Specialist / Logistics Coordinator

Feasterville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sofia-Rassin/140d2c218b8402e9

International Logistics experience as a Freight Forwarder, Importer and Exporter with 19 years of experience
having worked both in the U.S. and in overseas offices.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

International Operations Logistics Coordinator
CHEMLOGIX/CLX Logistics, Inc.  -  Blue Bell, PA - March 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
Coordinating and handling export Chemical Shipments (Hazardous and Non Hazardous) worldwide, including
ISO-Tanks  from  the  time  PO  is  received  until  the  material  and  documentation  are  delivered  to  the
customer  overseas.  Preparing  booking  confirmations,  AES  entry  and  authoring  Master  Bill  of  Lading
Instructions;  Proofing  Bills  of  Lading  with  processing  documentation  corrections;  Document  distribution  to
necessary parties, agent/customer billing; Obtaining necessary information to process and complete export
documentation under the letters of credit. Knowledge of every document (Commercial invoice, Certificate of
origin, Packing and weight list, Insurance certificate, etc.). Verifying terms of credit, such as amount, insurance
coverage and shipping conditions to determine compliance with established standards. U.S. import and export
compliance knowledge. 
DOT, IMDG and IATA Dangerous Goods trained and certified.

Account Manager/Documentation Specialist
5K Logistics, Inc  -  Warminster, PA - July 2007 to March 2014

Responsibilities:
• Freight Forwarding – developed / guided new and existing import and export accounts
in both the creating and processing of Letters of Credit, Commercial Invoices, Packing Lists, Certificates of
Origin, ATA Carnets, Incoterms and other international documents when required;
• Pricing and Profit – quoted/priced international shipments for air and ocean with positive margin contributions
of anywhere from 10% to 25% pending on the type of service and complexities of executing the move;
• International Documentation – prepared and submitted necessary documents to complete the Export/Import
process with Ocean Carriers and Air Carriers, e.g. Dock Receipts, Shippers Letters of Instruction, Proforma
Ocean Bill of Ladings, Proforma Air Waybills;
• Tracking & Tracing - executed in house procedures to advise all clients on status updates
of said shipments – e.g. Departures, Arrivals and Final POD; 
• Managed all requirements surrounding the U.S. Automated Export System (AES) and the Transportation
Security Administration (TSA); 
•  Import  –  handled  Import  shipments,  coordinated  customs  clearance  with  Customs  Brokers,  arranged
Customs Bonds; door delivery to Free Trade Zone (FTZ);
• Developed strong communications with our international partners, i.e. GLN ( Global Logistics Network), which
allowed us to provide and extend our worldwide service as well as increase new import and export business
opportunities; 
• Invoicing Customers - Continual timely invoicing and follow up for both Receivables and Payables.

Import Specialist

M.A.R.N. Ltd, Tel Aviv, Israel  -  תל אביב -יפו, מחוז תל אביב - July 1994 to April 2007
Responsibilities:
•  Executed  all  steps  of  import/export  transactions  starting  from  sending  orders  to  suppliers,  preparing  all
business  correspondence  with  vendors,  selection  of  and  communicating  with  freight  forwarders,  customs
brokers, trucking companies; 
•  Preparation  of  all  necessary  documentation  for  customs  clearance;  checking  for  the  accuracy  of  the
paperwork and completeness: 
• Negotiated payment terms (e.g. advance payment, open account, Letter of Credit, deferred payment, cash
against documents, etc.) and managed accounts payable through EDI system:
• Handled opening of Letters of Credit, securing Marine Insurance, Calculation of costs for duties/taxes per
the Harmonized codes and other expenses levied on imported goods.

Research Engineer
Scientific Research Institute, Moscow, Russia  -  Москва - January 1984 to March 1991
In laboratory and pilot plant environments, researched new technologies for mechanical spinning of cotton
fiber,developed new types of textile spinning machines.

EDUCATION

International Trade Import & Export in International Trade College "MALAV"
Tel Aviv, Israel
1994 to 1994

MS
Engineering School for Textiles and Light Industry - Москва
1982 to 1984

BS in Natural and Synthetic Fiber Process Technology
Engineering School for Textiles and Light Industry - Москва
1978 to 1982

SKILLS

MS Office proficiency (Excel/ Word/ PPT/ Outlook). Practical knowledge of multi-modal rates and INCO
terms. Quoting and Handling Oversized and Project Cargo as well as FCL/LCL/Cargo; Daily Customer
Service and Overseas Communications; Researching and complying with Country Specific Regulations;
Coordination of Hazardous Shipments and providing proper IMO Documentation; Preparation of Export
Documentation; NVOCC Regulations; Letter of Credit Preparation and presenting to the Bank for
negotiation; Billing customers per company structure; Familiarity with Export Packing Regulations for various
Countries. (10+ years)

CERTIFICATIONS

DOT HAZARDOUS MATERIALS
August 2014

IATA Dangerous Goods
September 2014

IMO / IMDG Dangerous Goods

June 2015

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Languages: Professional English, Native Russian, Fluent Hebrew

