Stephan Fritzinger

Process Engineer - FRANKLIN ADVANCED MATERIALS

Royersford, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Stephan-Fritzinger/b1b8a606b837f3ed

Innovative professional with over 20 years experience in progressively more responsible positions. Seasoned
surface  mount  and  thick  film  industry  expert  with  extensive  laboratory  and  process  experience.  A  proven
track  record  in  manufacturing  process  development  demonstrated  by  the  successful  and  profitable  SOFC
product line. A tenacious and resourceful hands-on leader with an exceptional work ethic and the ability to
take leadership over a project and drive it to fruition.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Process Engineer
FRANKLIN ADVANCED MATERIALS  -  Pottstown, PA - October 2009 to Present

Operations  (Fuel  Cell  Group)  -  Leader  responsible  for  all  aspects  of  the  Solid  Oxide  Fuel  Cell  (SOFC)
production planning and execution. This included equipment and raw materials sourcing, material planning
and ordering, scale-up, process introduction, process improvement, in-process/final inspection, quality control,
packaging and shipping.

Operations (Photovoltaic Group) - Provided qualification testing, new process introduction, and R&D support
to the Photovoltaic group.

• Responsible for taking the SOFC product line from negative profit margin to 40% profit margin.
• Reduced the COGS by nearly 60%.
• Introduced process improvements and procedures enabling efficient workflow allowing for reorganization of
the department.
• Provided support to the Photovoltaic group in all aspects of the manufacture and testing of the photovoltaic
pastes.
• Wrote SOP and TPs in the ISO 9001 format for the entire SOFC production process.

Laboratory Supervisor
HERAEUS MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY LLC - 1995 to 2009

Provided  technical  support  and  process  information  to  customers  from  a  2000  sq.  ft  applications  lab  that
supported Heraeus customer base in the America's and SE Asia. From this lab over 1300 technical projects
have been documented supporting customers, R&D, Operations and QA.
• Supported sales in the form of product performance testing and complaint system verification testing, data
generation and application testing. Supported R&D for new materials benchmarking and comparative testing
of competitors materials.
• Provided worldwide customer support to over 500 customers. This support was directed to not only retaining
but increasing their business. On-site training and problem solving, lab services for process development, yield
improvement and failure analyses as well as component and laminate testing were provided to existing and
prospective customers.
• Worked with R&D using Six Sigma design principles to develop and launch a new solder paste which retained
a key customer.
• Provided functional testing which successfully qualified our material at a large new account.
• Supported verification testing of our products when a key raw material was no longer available and had to
be replaced.

Technical Services Technician
HERAEUS MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY LLC  -  West Conshohocken, PA - 1990 to 1995

Responsible for technical support and process information related to Heraeus thick film products including
conductor, resistor, and dielectric pastes.
• Perform quality control for Thick Film and SMT materials.
• Conduct testing and verification procedures for R&D.
• Spoke with customers over the phone concerning product information.
• Extensive experience with Thick Film test equipment such as Screen Printers, Belt Furnaces, Laser Trim
Machine, Three Roll Mill, Viscometers, Profilometer, oscilloscope.
• Performed weekly computer backups on company mainframe.
• Trained 3 Technicians.
• Promoted to Surface Mount Technology Division in 1995

Chemical Operator
HERAEUS MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY LLC  -  West Conshohocken, PA - 1989 to 1990

Responsible for the formulation and mixture of all raw materials and chemicals necessary in the production
of Silver Flake.
• Developed better washing technique for Silver Flake Operation.
• Increased production by 33% within three months.
• Promoted to Technical Services for outstanding performance and initiative.

EDUCATION

B.A. in Business Economics
University of Pittsburgh

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Computer Skills

Windows operating systems, MS Office suite
Proficient at upgrading /replacing computer hardware.

