Steven Glazier

SENIOR WATER/WASTEWATER ENGINEER / PROJECT MANAGER - Leidos
Engineering, LLC

Thornton, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Steven-Glazier/ac0ba5451eedf509

WORK EXPERIENCE

SENIOR WATER/WASTEWATER ENGINEER / PROJECT MANAGER
Leidos Engineering, LLC  -  Exton, PA - 2009 to Present

Actively  provide  engineering  design  and  project  management  for  various  state  and  federal  government
agencies,  defense  contractors,  major  petroleum  producers  and  the  oil/gas  industry.  Oversee  financial
management,  staff/subcontractor  performance,  safety  protocols,  scheduling, 
training  and  business
development.  Supervise  and  mentor  engineering  staff  and  encourage  professional  development.  Provide
proposal writing support across several divisions and technical disciplines. Responsible for invoicing, revenue,
and profitability of projects.
• Serve as the program manager and principal engineer for a $30M community water supply system project,
including the siting and permitting of wells, water treatment facility, distribution piping, sewer main relocations,
backwash treatment, elevated water storage tanks, easements and property acquisitions, and 475 connections
under the PA DEP General Technical Assistance Contract Program.
• Salvaged an at-risk project for the design, permitting, construction management and the commissioning of a
multiple well, community water supply facility with an enhanced SCADA system in Maryland.
• Serve as the Construction Quality Control manager and principal engineer for the Monitor Device Superfund
Site  under  the  US  Army  Corps  LTRA  program,  including  the  design  and  operation  of  aquifer  conditioning
processes, along with water and amendments storage, material handling, mixing and low pressure injection
through piping and manifolds network into over 500 well screens.
• Manage and performed remedial alternative evaluations and remedial designs for multiple sites under the
PA DEP General Technical Assistance Contract Program (GTAC-5) program.
• Manage the design and permitting of multiple projects at a former petroleum pipeline terminal site located
adjacent to a designated Wild and Scenic River in New Jersey, which included LNAPL impervious barrier
walls, PSH recovery system, security fencing within the floodway and the removal of six submarine product
pipelines under the river.
• Serve as the Managing Engineer for the design, permitting, and construction oversight of a soil cap over PCB
laden historic fill, in NJ. Successfully negotiated on-site wetlands mitigation design with NJDEP.
• Provide FERC and environmental permitting, engineering, and local presence support to oil & gas pipelines,
electrical substation, and transmission line projects.
• Provide remedial design, construction, and OM&M for multiple sites contracts for petroleum retailers.
• Technical reviewer of subsurface investigation, remedial approaches, work plans, and compliance reporting
for completeness and compliance with regulations, SOPs, and Health and Safety requirements.
• Resource to Division EH&S Department for construction related hazard analysis and investigations.

MANAGING ENGINEER
O'Brien & Gere, Inc  -  Blue Bell, PA - 2007 to 2009

Managed the remediation engineering and environmental compliance group of seven professionals. Directed
environmental  permitting,  remedial  investigations,  design  and  oversight.  Handled  fiscal  management  of
projects, staff training, business development efforts and delivered engineering support to technical groups.
Served  as  the  project  manager  for  the  remedial  monitoring  and  reporting  of  soil  remediation  systems  for
multiple projects.

• Served as the manager and engineer for impacted groundwater collection, separation, and disposal system
for sediment remediation stabilization cells at refineries in NJ.
• Eliminated two years of administrative backlog of performance reviews, training and personnel goals.
•  Managed  an  investigation  of  non-compliance  discharges  to  local  POTW  for  a  metals  plating  facility.
Meet  compliance  by  incorporating  improvements  to  waste  management  procedures,  improving  testing
methodologies, and developing operations staff training program.
•  Resolved  on-going  construction  and  operational  issues  on  existing  groundwater  and  soil  remediation
systems. Identified cause, cost of resolution and accountability.
• Instilled stewardship principles within the group on project execution.

SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER
Golder Associates, Inc  -  Conshohocken, PA - 1999 to 2007

Served  as  the  project  manager  for  the  remedial  investigation,  environmental  permitting,  conceptual  and
detail  design  of  remediation  systems  for  small  industrial  and  transportation  sites  to  multiple  responsible
party superfund sites. Provided engineering, system evaluation and OM&M support to other managers and
nationwide offices. Assigned troubled projects to resolve financial and technical issues.
• Manager and engineer for site and equipment designs, technical specifications, permitting, construction, and
OM&M for design-build environmental remediation projects at industrial and Superfund locations.
• Manager and engineer for design and construction of landfill ancillary systems including LFG collection and
flaring, condensate collection, conveyance, storage, and treatment, vapor and leachate interceptor trenches,
truck washing facilities, and various facility permitting.
• Provided design, permitting, and construction management of various chemical amendment injection systems
for soil and groundwater remediation projects. Created Process and Instrumentation Diagrams (P&ID) and
Process Flow Diagrams (PFD), Single Line Diagrams for various process designs.
• Obtained storm water and waste water discharge compliance for construction and permanent facilities.
• Engaged in facility decontamination and demolition planning, permitting and management.
• Negotiated budgets as lump sum task orders and identified innovative methods of increasing productivity
and reducing costs, effectively reducing manpower by 40% and eliminating specialty equipment requirements
through effective scheduling of work tasks.

SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER / CQC SYSTEMS MANAGER
Smith Technologies and Reliance Insurance Corp  -  Coatesville, PA - 1997 to 1998

Managed  the  Construction  Quality  Control  group  consisting  of  six  professionals  during  Superfund  landfill
closure activities for US ACE. After Smith Technologies Corp. bankruptcy, managed site for bonding insurance
company and served as point of contact for former employee and vendors.

PROJECT MANAGER
Westinghouse Remediation Systems Inc  -  Montgomeryville, PA - 1994 to 1996

Managed projects under two open-ended response contracts.
•  U.S.  EPA,  Region  II,  Emergency  Response  Cleanup  Services  (ERCS)  Managed  various  IDIQ  projects
including tasks such as hazardous material inventory, waste disposal, vessel cleaning, and tank demolition.
Majority of projects were performed under Level "B" PPE.
• Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (PA DEP) Interim Response Services Contract (IRSC)
Responsible for development of initial work plans cost estimates for various material disposal, demolition, and
decontamination projects under a 2-year delivery order contract

Other Relevant Historic Employment
Bridge Construction 4 Years

• Superintendent and engineer on multiple interstate highway bridge construction projects involving precast
and post tensioned concrete and steel bridges.
•  Superintendent  and  engineer  for  the  demolition  and  construction  of  state  highway  bridges  over  Class  1
railroads and transportation lines, involving catenaries and high voltage power lines.
• Quality Control Engineer for precast concrete parking structures and towers.

Refinery Construction 2 Years
• High lift engineer responsible for design of the erection of major petroleum refinery equipment and vessels.
• Design of foundations for large tanks, heaters, and tower assemblies.
• Scheduling construction sequence for crane placement and material access roads.

Steel Mills - Plant Environmental Engineer 3 Years
• Managed air emissions abatement project including fume collection hoods, ductwork, supporting trusses,
bag houses, blowers, foundations, and utility services.
• Design and managed construction of new process water treatment system including oil recovery, metals
removal, oxidation, and aeration of process and cooling waste water.
• Design and managed overhead crane runway capacity upgrades.
• Design and permitting of river intake relocation and piping system for cooling water system.
.
Shipyard 4 Years
• Erection department engineer and assistant foreman responsible for the design of lifting arrangement for the
handling and erection of ship subassemblies ranging from 50 to 700 tons.
• Special projects included exotic coating sandblast and painting inspections, hazardous waste management,
diesel engine assembly, and ship launching and christening ceremonies.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA

SKILLS

Professional Engineer - PA, NY, DE, MD

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/in/stevenglazier

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Additional Core Competencies Include:
✓ Program/Project Management ✓ Team Leadership / Training ✓ Value Engineering
✓ Construction Management ✓ System Performance Evaluation ✓ Negotiations
✓ Water / Wastewater Treatment ✓ Design, Construction, OM&M ✓ Landfill / Landfill Gas ✓ RCRA, CERCLA,
CWA, CSA ✓ Innovative Technologies ✓ Constructability Review
✓  Public  Meeting  Presentations ✓  Water  Resources  Management ✓  Environmental  Permits ✓  Technical
Report  Writing  ✓  Operations  and  Training  ✓  Technical  Specifications  ✓  AUTOCAD  CIVIL  3D  ✓
MSOFFICESUITE

