Tahzay Leigh

Field Service Engineer III

Glenside, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tahzay-Leigh/19031538b4dda05c

A Field Service Engineer with extensive experience in vendor service repairs. Strengths include Customer
Service, Troubleshooting and Time Management. Seeking a new opportunity in the service repair industry to
apply skills and experience as well as continue to enhance skill set.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Field Service Engineer III
KODAK ALARIS INC  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2000 to 2015

Performed  installation,  service  and  preventive  maintenance  of  Photo  Wet  and  Digital  Mini  Labs  Systems.
Executed mini lab upgrades and software upgrades.
• Diagnosed and repaired electrical, mechanical, and chemical and network issues, print quality issues and
system failures of mini labs at customer site, daily.
• Established and maintained customer relationships and provided services for 170 stores, across Philadelphia,
Montgomery,  Bucks,  Delaware,  and  Chester  Counties,  in  Pennsylvania,  independently.  Serviced  largest
accounts, such as CVS, Target, Rite-Aid and Acme.
• Assisted Field Service Engineers after unable to resolve difficult technical and customer issues,
including out of service labs. Evaluated situation and ordered parts or provided solutions, such as software
reloads.
•  Handled  administrative  duties  pertaining  to  customer  calls  with  timely  completion  of  reports  for  service,
expenses and time, weekly.
• Managed and maintained company issued vehicle, tools, laptop, iPhone and iPad.
• Provided operator training on in lab operational procedures and maintenance, i.e. calibrations and running
balance tests, as ongoing support to ensure longer lab up-time for each store.
• Educated customers on the latest corporate initiatives and products, such as collage prints and personal
photo products.
• Acted as customer liaison and helped to drive and resolve customer issues, such as quality of print products.
• Facilitated revenue growth initiatives by informing customers of new products and services.
• Built and fostered strong relationships with sales partners.

EDUCATION

A.S. in Electrical Engineering Technology
Penn State University - Abington, PA

LINKS

http://www.LinkedIn.com/in/TahzayLeigh

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Areas of Expertise:
Maintenance Quality Assurance Motivation

Systems Management Project Management Customer Relationships

