Yagna Vyas

Maple Shade, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yagna-Vyas/27add17e25d2e319

Seeking a full-time position as a Senior Civil/ Environmental Engineer in a reputed firm.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Engineer
Veolia  -  Pennsauken, NJ - August 2012 to November 2014

Responsibilities
Prepare and review project specifications, plans, and process flow diagrams.
Accomplish  Mechanical  and  Civil  scope  of  work  for  various  projects.  Evaluate  Mechanical  and  Civil  bid
packages. Assist in preparation of Instrumentation bid package.
Perform Industrial Mechanical equipment design. Selection and procurement of valves and accessories. 
Develop  pre-selection  documents  by  specifying  design  criteria  for  Vendor’s  request  for  proposal.  Review
supplier drawing submittal, technical bid analysis, equipment selection, procurement, and vendor coordination
during Construction. 
Perform Civil/ Process/ Mechanical/ Structural design calculations. Carryout pipeline design. 
Execution of detailed technical hydraulic and gas calculations for equipment and system design. 
Develop Capital and Operating cost estimate for water/wastewater facilities. 
Prepare project schedule. Research new design technologies and processes. 
Preparation of operations and maintenance manuals for water/wastewater facilities.
Prepare presentations, technical memorandums, and detailed engineering design reports.
Acquire permits from regulatory agencies for various projects. 
Assist in preparation of proposals.

Project Engineer
Applied Water Management  -  Hillsborough, NJ - September 2011 to August 2012

Responsibilities
Prepared hydraulic profile, pipeline conveyance, pipeline design, pump design, force main 
design, cost estimate, proposals, and feasibility report. 
Implemented project schedule, bid package, and equipment selection. 
Design of water supply, storage and distribution systems, as well as wastewater collection, pumping, treatment,
discharge, and reuse applications.
Prepared project specifications, plans, and process flow diagrams.
Reviewed supplier drawing submittal, technical bid analysis, develop pre-selection documents, and vendor
coordination. Performed structural design calculations.
Developed Process, Electrical, Mechanical, P&ID, and Civil drawings.
Acquired permits from regulatory agencies for various projects.

Project Engineer
Parsons  -  Pasadena, CA - May 2007 to February 2011

• City of Visalia Water Conservation plant - Expansion from 11 MGD to 22 MGD, MBR
Duties: Actively participated in preparation of proposal
Prepared technical memorandums, site layouts, and presentations for the City council

• West Basin Municipal Water District - Expansion from 2 MGD to 8 MGD, MF-RO-NDN

Duties: Prepared hydraulic profile, pipeline conveyance, mass balance, equipment-load list, project
schedule, site layouts, and cost estimates.
Carried out detailed design calculations
Assisted in preparation of technical memorandums, process flow diagrams, and feasibility report

• Wahiawa Wastewater Treatment Plant Improvements - 2.5 MGD, MBR
Duties: Prepared hydraulic profile and pipeline conveyance
Assisted in preparation of basis of design and engineering reports
Provided input to CAD Designer/Drafters in designing Mechanical, P&ID, and Civil drawings

•  City  of  Tulare  Industrial  Waste  Water  Treatment  plant  (8  MGD),  City  of  Tulare  Domestic  Waste  Water
Treatment plant (6 MGD), City of Bakersfield Waste Water Treatment plant (22 MGD), City of Banning Water
Reclamation Facility (2 MGD) - conventional
Duties: Analyzed various safety issues on the job site and prepared site specific safety presentation
Assisted in supervising activities on construction site
Helped out in preparation of proposals
Performed detailed engineering analysis & design
Prepared detailed requisitions for material purchase, services, and subcontracts
Reviewed supplier drawing submittals and technical bid analyses
Prepared project specifications, master plans, proposals, pre-design reports, and detailed design reports.
Prepared hydraulic profile, cost estimates, material take-off
Performed detailed design calculations
Provided input to CAD Designer/Drafters in designing Mechanical, P&ID, and Civil drawings

Environmental Engineer (EIT certified)
Parsons Water & Infrastructure  -  Pasadena, CA - May 2007 to February 2010

• City of Los Angeles Central Outfall Sewer rehabilitation project
Duties: Facilitated the City in acquiring permits from various regulatory agencies
Prepared design workshop presentation for the City
Prepared project specifications, plans, pre-design reports, and detailed design reports

Project Engineer
AEI-CASC Engineering Inc  -  Colton, CA - January 2006 to May 2007

Duties: Prepared SWPPPs (Storm Water Pollution Prevention Plans), WQMPs (Water Quality Management
Plans), and WPCPs (Water Pollution Control Plans).
Reviewed site-specific WQMPs proposed for new development projects based on CEQA (California
Environmental Quality Act) guidelines
Accomplished NPDES (National Pollution Discharge Elimination System) compliance review inspections at
the construction sites and prepared NPDES compliance review reports for the clients.
Provided storm water compliance training to local contractors and builders
Prepared site plans, project schedules, construction project cost estimates and man-hour estimates

Junior Civil Engineer
Tejas Construction & Co., GIDC, Vapi, India - November 2002 to November 2003

Nov 2002 - Nov 2003)
Designation: Junior Civil Engineer
Duties: Site super vision. Labor & Material Management on site
Analyzed Design Change Request and discuss the same with senior engineer to get optimum possible
solution for Design Change Requests.

Managed inquires generated from the customers and marketing team
Reviewed supplier drawing submittals and technical bid analyses
Estimated quantity for various construction materials and construction cost
Prepared bar charts for labor and material requirements

Tejashree Enterprise  -  Ahmedabad, Gujarat - January 2002 to June 2002

Site Training: Construction of two commercial complexes
Prepared project schedules, bar charts for material and labor requirements, design calculations, material take
- offs and construction project cost estimates. Assisted in supervising activities on construction site
VOLUNTARY EXPERIENCE:
Worked with a group of experts for damage evaluation of concrete structures after "Bhuj Earthquake, Gujarat,
India (Jan-01)", evaluated and suggested repair techniques for more than 100 damaged structures.
USC:  RELEVANT  COURSEWORK:  Environmental  and  Regulatory  Compliance  Water  Resources  and
Irrigation
Ecology for Environmental Engineers Air pollution Fundamentals
Physical Processes in Environmental Engineering Water Quality Management and Practice
Environmental Pollutants: Monitoring and Risk Assessment Water Treatment and Design
Microbiology - Environmental Engineering Storm Water Management
Chemical and Biological Processes in Environmental Engg. Fluid Mechanics
Waste Water Treatment Design Water Chemistry and Analysis
Hazardous Waste Management Construction and Project Management
Environmental Engineering Principles Geotechnical Engineering

Research Project-I: Expansion of I-710 Freeway - Project Leader
Evaluated various alternatives of 710-freeway expansion to assess the impact on environment. Prepared and
presented an EIR (Environmental Impact Report) based on Traffic, Air and Noise Studies.

Research Project-II: Ground Water Recharge Project for Los Angeles County - Team Leader
Group study of LA County Demographics/Groundwater Overview, Soil Characteristics, Spreading Grounds,
Storm water treatment, Seawater Barrier projects, Advanced Treatment, Comparison of Los Angeles County
vs. Orange County Ground water recharge, Future Considerations.

Research Project-III: Constructed Wetlands and Natural Wetlands
Individual study involving construction, operation, and maintenance of constructed wetlands for the treatment
of domestic wastewater, agricultural wastewater, and storm water runoff and compared with natural wetlands.

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Environmental Engineering
University of Southern California
May 2006

Bachelor of Engineering in Construction Technology and Management
Nirma Institute of Technology, Gujarat University
June 2002

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

COMPUTER SKILLS:

- CAD AutoCAD, STAAD/PRO
- Programming C, BASIC, FoxPro
- Others Primavera, Flow Master, Biowin modeling software, Terrain Navigator, MS Office Suite-
Word, Excel, Access, Microsoft project, Power point, Adobe Photoshop, HTML
- Platforms Windows XP/NT/2000, Linux

OTHER SKILLS: Good communication Skills, Owning Project leadership, Learning attitude, Reliability, Goal
seeking, and Team building

