Aisha Peoples

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aisha-Peoples/1d0cd31d4b761b82

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Detective
Securitas  -  Conshohoken, PA - November 2015 to Present

Used  CCTV  cameras  to  access  store,  apprehend  shoplifers,  foot  patrol  store,  bag  checks,  checked  in
contractors and employees, write incident reports, respond to fire alarms and other alams, respond to Code
Adam calls and ensure safety inside store.

Assistant Construction Manager
Falcon Construction  -  Randelstown, MD - July 2004 to October 2015

Responsible for sales and upgrades of kitchens, bathrooms, finished basements and upsale of other home
inprovement  projects.  Experianced  in  plumbing,  minor  electrical,  drywall  installation/finishing  and  painting.
Worked closely with company work crew, property owners, engineers, insurance adjusters and contractors to
oversee functions for successful completion of projects. Daily task included basic bookkeeping, cash handling,
maintaining budgets/contracts, answering calls and ensuring quality control.

Team Leader, Contents, Document and Equipment Specialist
AMRestore, Inc.  -  Glen Burnie, MD - May 2013 to July 2015

Supervised and transported team on pack outs, pack backs, clean on site, hoarding cleanup, mold content
removal  and  inventory  only  jobs.  Experienced  in  removing  mold  from  paper  and  contents.  Experienced  in
document restoration. Cleaned and restored household contents and electronics. Operated handheld device
to  compile  a  complete  electronic  contents  inventory  detailed  with  descriptions,  picture  and  locations  with
preexisting conditions. Provided customer service to home owners, property managers, insurance adjustors
and other disaster restoration personnel. Operated Excel, Microsoft Word and company software daily.

MTA Para-transit Operator
MV TRANSPORTATION  -  Baltimore, MD - April 2011 to May 2013

Provided customer service and transported passengers in compliance with the Americans With Disabilities Act.
Profound knowledge of the principles and practices of vehicle operations. Operated wheelchair lift and used
safety belts to secure wheelchair inside vehicle. Extensive knowledge of driving courtesy map reading and
safety. Operated two-way communications equipment for communication with dispatcher. Ability to understand
and carry out oral and written instructions. Ability to write reports and complete forms in a clear and concise
manner.

Receiving Manager/Key Holder
Lord & Taylor  -  Columbia, MD - October 2010 to April 2011

Unlocked  and  disarmed  security  system  daily  with  company  issued  keys.  Lead  and  supervised  a  team  of
ten  receiving  associates  and  store  merchandiser.  Responsible  for  the  distribution  and  censoring  of  new
merchandise using dock to floor' process software. Leader of major responsibilities, mass markdowns (up to
40,000 per month), store to store claims/transfer process, end of season transfers, shipped UPS orders and
ordered bags/boxes along with other store supplies. Other responsibilities included assembly, placement and

breakdown of store fixtures during major floor moves. Trained new receiving associate and handled scheduling
concerns.

Correctional Officer II
State of Maryland  -  Jessup, MD - January 2009 to March 2011

Transcription of short logbook notes - as a means of inter - shift communication. Use of portable two way radio -
daily;. perpetual and comprehensive communication of institutional rules, policies and procedures- to inmates.
Monitor visits between inmates and personal and visitors. Perform searches, by pat or strip method, to detect
and confiscate contraband and other unapproved items. Search perimeters of facilities via observation on foot
or from the watchtower area - to ensure there are no security breaches or unapproved activity and contraband.
Facilitate daily and impromptu 'head counts' to ensure the safety and to also specifically account of all inmates.
Open and close restricted areas, gates and doors - based on known clearance - for vehicle movement and
authorized personnel to enter and exit. Monitor inmates - by watching closely for unusual behavior, improper
conduct and/or signs of conflict. Immediate response to all emergencies within the institution Medical, Fire and
Security. Prepare inmates for transportation through search and application of appropriate restraining devices,
contingent upon security level, to ensure all necessary equipment and materials are properly transported and
ready for use.

Loss Prevention Agent(Plain Clothes)
Rite Aid Pharmacy  -  Baltimore, MD - June 2000 to March 2009

Observe, investigate and detain individuals that commit criminal acts in store. Prevent internal and external
(shoplifting/theft) losses.Appeared in court to ensure prosecution. Assisted in maintaining the physical security
of the store to include but not limited to auditing alarms and close circuit television (CCTV). Conduct Electronic
Article Surveillance (EAS) audits, maintain log book and react to EAS activation. Assist in the training of store
associates on company policies and procedures as well as shrink management tactics. Review and audit Point
of Sale (POS) transactions. Provided bag checks.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma in Medical Assistance, General Studies
Edmondson-Westside Senior High School - Baltimore, MD
September 1996 to June 2000

SKILLS

Microsoft Office (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Security (9 years)

CERTIFICATIONS

CPR/ First Aid Certified
December 2015 to December 2016

