Alexander Smith

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Alexander-Smith/11016767b5fe6b7a

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Engineering Intern
Environetics®  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2016 to May 2016

Responsibilities
* AutoCAD: setup floorplan sheets, and edited electrical and demolition floorplans
* Marked construction submittal sheets to assist in the engineers’ approval process
* Trained in Autodesk Revit: learned drawing setup, electrical device placement and properties, circuiting, and
NEC receptacle compliance

Skills Used
AutoCAD, Revit

Technical Support Student Worker
Temple U. College of Public Health  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2013 to May 2016

Provide classroom technical support and troubleshoot computers owned by the college 
Manage software updates and setup new computers
Log and tag all computers, printers, and scanners owned by the CPH for inventory

Intern/Office Assistant
FRABA Group  -  Hamilton, NJ - May 2014 to August 2014

Sorted emails on the information account and forwarded them to appropriate recipients
Updated business contacts on the company database and in Excel
Collected information on potential contacts, and on competitor products
Projects: Wired a PID testing module; Resized frame for a set of demo testing modules and assembled the
set and frame build, Tested and re-crimped encoders

Bookseller
Barnes & Noble Bookstore  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2013 to September 2013

Worked the cash register
Stocked bookshelves
Prepared and processed book orders for pick-up
Customer Support, including navigating store database to retrieve book info

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering
Temple University, College of Engineering - Philadelphia, PA
2011 to 2016

SKILLS

MATLAB, C Language, Assembly Language, NI Multisim, Verilog HDL, Bash, Atmel Studio, AutoCAD, Revit,
SolidWorks, Git, Emacs, Microsoft Office

LINKS

https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexandersmith93

GROUPS

Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
June 2015 to Present

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

I  am  a  recent  graduate  from  Temple  University,  where  I  obtained  my  Bachelor  of  Science  in  Electrical
Engineering. I am actively seeking a full-time position. I desire a position at a technical company that will utilize
my electrical engineering education, challenge me, and help me further develop my skills. I am especially
interested in software, robotics, biotechnology, and control systems.

I am registered to take the Fundamentals of Engineering exam this year. I intend to further my formal education
by  pursuing  additional  certifications,  including  my  Professional  Engineer  license,  as  well  as  more  college
courses. I am looking to identify mentors in the workplace that can help me prepare for P.E. licensure and
determine education paths that best suit me.

I can be contacted at ajsmith@temple.edu.

