Brian Spinrad

Outside Field Service Engineer - CAE Healthcare

Phoenixville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Brian-Spinrad/97a7786229b24a87

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Outside Field Service Engineer
CAE Healthcare  -  Sarasota, FL - March 2012 to Present

CAE Healthcare is a global leader in healthcare simulation and education, offering products in Human Patient
Simulation, Surgical Simulation, Ultrasound Simulation and Clinical Simulation Management. These products
are used in over 60 countries around the world. The products are used in health sciences, health care systems,
universities, government facilities and military sites.

●  Responsible  for  completing  installations,  repairs  and  preventative  maintenance  on  physical,  electrical,
pneumatic, fluid systems and also AV systems. I provide system training on all 9 product lines.

●  I  am  considered  a  road  warrior  as  I  travel  100%  of  each  week,  while  booking  all  of  my  own  travel
and accommodations. I coordinate all scheduling around my customers' needs and communicate with my
customers from the beginning while maintaining accurate records. I work with sales on customers' needs and
sales leads, which I have been able to assist with, generating thousands of dollars.

● As I work independently, I have superior organizational and communication skills which are critical for my
position. Due to my extensive travel, I hold top status with US Airways, American Airlines, Marriott, Hilton, IHG
Properties and Avis Rental.

● Exceptional customer service and technical skills. My determination in giving the customer 100% every time
I show up on the site shows that I am the leader in customer commendations.

Major Accomplishment: I am a recent recipient of the Rising Star Award, voted on by my peers, for showing
ambition and a strong will to succeed, and I am the highest commended field service engineer. Keeping my
customers happy is my priority.

Major Accomplishment: I created a locking clip for our pneumatic and fluid 1/4 turn connectors to insure that
they do not separate and either flood the mannequin or lose pressure. This locking clip will save thousands
of dollars in unnecessary service calls and product damage.

Installation Technician
Education Management Solutions  -  Exton, PA - March 2011 to November 2012

EMS is a world leader in the creation and installation of an interactive environment for hospitals, colleges, and
universities with medical programs, throughout the United States and the entire world.

● Traveled throughout the US and Canada, installing and creating an interactive environment in hospitals,
colleges and universities that had medical programs with SP and Simulation teaching centers. I ran wire from
the main server racks to control rooms with control stations and to all of the different hardware we installed,
including cameras, speakers, microphones, data and video jacks, and terminated all hardware. I worked with

rj11, rj45, all types of compression ends, as well as having to solder, compress and screw terminate. At the
completion of the hardware installation, I integrated the interactive simulation mannequins.

All of this installation/creation was done wile communicating remotely with engineers and project managers
at the home office in Exton, PA.

● I was required to have excellent communication with the heads of the universities, colleges, hospitals, the
support team back home and the numerous manufacturers that I was in contact with on a daily basis. All of this
was done while effectively dealing with the logistics of completing jobs (mostly on the road) and having to ship/
receive and make on-the-spot decisions in order to keep the job flowing smoothly and on point to completion.

Major  Accomplishment:  While  working  with  engineers  and  other  technicians,  researching  products  and
procedures, I developed a cost savings plan that would save the company money on the installation process,
by reducing installation time by 30%, thereby savings thousands of dollars.

Service Technician
Verizon Communications  -  Newark, DE - January 2006 to November 2010

As a trained Service Technician, I was responsible for installing, maintaining and repairing copper and fiber
optic lines, in addition to installing dial tone, fiber optic telephone, video and internet to both residential and
business customers. I was also involved with dispute resolutions, facilitating successful results for all parties
involved.

● Maintained company vehicle as well as all safety equipment and supplies;
● Kept accurate records and submitted proper paperwork as needed;
● Climbed at great heights using three different ways of climbing, including: gaffing, step pole or ladder;
● Worked in any weather condition, safety permitted, and demonstrated heavy lifting on a daily basis; and,
● Demonstrated exceptional customer service skills and increased revenue due to upgrading services and
sales to the customer.

Branch Captain
Philadelphia Inquirer  -  West Chester, PA - August 2001 to July 2008

I was responsible for assuring proper delivery of daily papers to thousands of customers. This included the
linguistics of receiving proper products at the warehouse.
● Managed twenty-six couriers, providing the appropriate equipment needed to perform the job in an efficient
and timely manner.
● Completed all of the proper paperwork and records.

Installer
Philadelphia Inquirer  -  Warminster, PA - May 2005 to January 2006

Performed new construction residential wiring.

Installer
Philadelphia Inquirer  -  Holland, PA - November 2004 to April 2005

I  was  mentored  by  a  Master  Electrician,  and  was  responsible  for  installing  and  repairing  commercial  and
residential
wiring.

Installer
Philadelphia Inquirer  -  Holland, PA - August 2004 to November 2004

Responsible for installing siding on residential and commercial properties.

Sales Associate
Peruzzi Nissan  -  Langhorne, PA - July 2000 to August 2001

Sale Associate for one of the larges volume Nissan dealerships in Eastern PA. Responsible for meeting both
the companies quota and also a personal quota. Help the record for the highest profit margin on an individual
sale at 52%

Sales Associate
READMAN AUTO  -  Langhorne, PA - June 1998 to July 2000

At one time was the largest dealership in the country. Responsible for meeting a very specific quota set for
both new and used vehicles. Worked side by side with finance to maximize profit.

Aquatics Assistant
Chandler Hall  -  Newtown, PA - 1995 to 1998

While the Aquatics Assistant, I was responsible for scheduling classes and events, and pool maintenance,
in addition to teaching swimming to infants through age 95. I performed physical therapy/aquatics therapy
with disabled seniors and children, and taught swimming to children with autism, cerebral palsy and Down's
syndrome, as well as teaching a blind child to swim, a personal accomplishment of mine that I was very proud
of. I also assisted in the kitchen when additional help was needed.

EDUCATION

Pima College - Philadelphia, PA
2011

Union County College/Smith and Solomon - New Castle, DE
2011

CHI Institute - Broomall, PA
2010

business management
Delaware County Community College - Exton, PA

Early Education and Business
Bucks County Community College

Diploma in general studies
Council Rock High School - Newtown, PA

