Carla Huggins

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Carla-Huggins/c021363372381f04

Energetic and efficient with superior customer service and administrative abilities. Excellent interpersonal skills.
Demonstrates good telephone techniques and proper office etiquette. Resolves disputes to achieve desired
results. Works well with or without supervision. Sets goals and meets deadlines in a timely manner.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Hampton Inn King of Prussia  -  King of Prussia, PA - April 2016 to Present

Responsibilities
Cleaning rooms and working in the laundry room 

Accomplishments
I have shown leadership 

Skills Used
I can follow directions

Laundry Attendant
Valley Forge Casino Resort  -  Valley Forge, PA - April 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
Wash and press linen for the hotel make house calls to the guest

Accomplishments
Trained a new hire so we can keep the production of linen cleaned and ready for the morning housekeeper's

Skills Used
working the washers and dryers and the presser to press sheets and pilow cases

Club Member Greeter/Service Representive
Sams's Club Wholesale Wearhouse  -  Willow Grove, PA - March 2014 to Present

Greet customers and verify club membership. Inspect merchandise to ensure all items are accounted for on
customer receipt, upon club exit. Provide customer service assistance with merchandise selection and pricing.
Re-stock and maintain merchandise to maintain customer satisfaction.

Administrative Assistant
Giving of Self Partership  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2005 to September 2006

Assisted Chief Executive Officer and project managers with a variety of daily administrative / clerical duties.
Respond to telephone calls, research issues and report findings for proper resolution. Word processing, faxing,
copying, filing, faxing and other administrative duties as needed.

EDUCATION

Physical Therapy Aide and Medical Assistant Training
Next Generation Vocational School - Philadelphia, PA

2003 to 2004

Medical Billing
Metropolitan Career Center - Philadelphia, PA
2000 to 2001

GORDON PHILLIPS BEAUTY SCHOOL

GERMANTOWN HIGH SCHOOL

SKILLS

Custumer Service Representative, Clerical and Administrative

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Additional Experience:

Medical Billing Clerk
Albert Einstein Medical Center

March 2000 - August 2001

Processed  insurance  billing  claims,  reconcile  claim  adjustments  and  distributed  medical  records  to  the
insurance carrier as directed.

