Chrismairi Acosta

Customer Service Specialist

Camden, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Chrismairi-Acosta/41ac4dcf6a8a6114

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Customer Service Specialist
JCPenny  -  Cherry Hill Mall, NJ - June 2014 to May 2016

• Assists customers by doing whatever possible to make their experience great. Listen, help, and make them
want to come back.

• Adjusts to customer flow by being available to provide assistance to customers and/or coworkers.

• Maintain product presentation by making adjustments to display the latest fashion and merchandise trends
after the customer has taken time to explore all of the products.

President
Lambda Theta Alpha Latin Sorority, Inc - September 2014 to November 2014

-Recent
Ramapo College of New Jersey
• Organize a Chapter and host events including fundraisers, educational programs, and community service.

Student
Medicine- Villanova University  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2013 to August 2013

Explore the careers in medicine and learn about what to expect in college, med school and residency.

Medical Intern
University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey  -  Stratford, NJ - September 2012 to April 2013

• Med science academy student
• Experience medical school and learn the differences between allopathic and osteopathic medical school.

National Honor Society President
Camden Academy Charter High School  -  Camden, NJ - March 2012 to March 2013

• Be the mistress for the induction ceremony and organize the meetings and trips to volunteer.
• Volunteer at Ronald McDonald house, Food bank, and school activities.

Skills

Intern
Cooper University Hospital  -  Camden, NJ - June 2012 to August 2012

• Cooper Summer Employment Program
• Work in Pain Management, filing and labeling files as well as experiencing the job of an anesthesiologist
Leadership

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Biology
Ramapo College of New Jersey - Mahwah, NJ
June 2013 to Present

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Computer Skills: Microsoft word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Photoshop Language Skills: Fluent
in  Spanish  both  written  and  spoken.  Other  Skills:  Creative  and  Innovative  skills,  Organizational  skills  and
Analytical skills, Teamwork skills

