Dior Scott

Customer/Patient Service Representative- Nemours Pediatrics

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dior-Scott/3da5cd21960b9d58

Detail  oriented  medical  biller,  customer  service  representative  and  intake  coordinator  with  strong
organizational,  creative  and  team  leader/member  skills.  Willing  to  learn  and  adapt  to  new  responsibilities.
Proficiency in Microsoft word, office, outlook, excel and power point as well as medical terminology. Able to
demonstrate my capabilities of problem solving and conflict resolution. Intense experience within the healthcare
field  specializing  in  medical  terminology,  patient  services  and  medical  records.  Compliant  with  company
policies at all times. Softly trained in EPIC. Ability to read EOB's, EOP's and remits as well as grasp new
concepts quickly. Independent worker who can, meet targeted goals, deadlines and objectives with a proven
ability to prioritize
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Patient Service Representative II
Nemours Pediatrics   -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
Responsible for organizing and operating the office systems related to appointment scheduling, patient intake
including data verification, charge entry and cash collection, statistical tracking office communications, word
processing and filing of patient records.Receive patients in a professional and caring manner. 
Gather  and  accurately  update  information  regarding  demographics  and  insurance  in  a  respectful  and
confidential fashion. 
Schedule and confirm appointments. 
Obtain authorization and pre-certification. 
Document and follow up on referrals. 
Document and follow up on no-shows and cancelations. 
Maintain content and organization of the Electronic Medical Record.. 
Register  patients,  collect  payments  from  patients,  post  charges  according  to  procedures,  provide  receipts
and  appropriately  document  all  financial  transactions.  This  includes  cash  reconciliation  and  bank  deposit
preparation. 
Order clerical and clinical supplies and maintain records (i.e. PAR lists and inventories). 
Monitor waiting rooms and keep all patients and their families informed as to schedule delays

Skills Used
Asks questions for clarification 
Gives accurate information to patients, families, and all members of the team
Makes suggestions for improvements 
Is willing to accept change 
Works as a team member with all Associates
Uses listening skills 
Manages resources prudently 
Takes suggestions and directions, and works to improve processes
pro-active thinking

Intake Coordinator

The Bettinger Company  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2012 to Present

Review and respond to inquiries and requests of patients and families 
Forward concerns and compliments to medical teams accordingly
Work collaboratively with hospital staff and professionals affiliated with hospital services 
Assure families that the ultimate goal is to resolve the matter in question 
Maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes that reduced redundancy and improved accuracy
and efficiency to achieve organizational goals 
Address confidential matters appropriately 
Offer empathy to families during stressful times

Claims Technician, Med Only/ Lost Time Claims Adjuster
Scibal Associates  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2006 to August 2010

Create, process, report, file and close workers' compensation claims for a major health system Interpret and
record physical exam, diagnostic, dental and radiologic reports Submit proper forms for Workers compensation
claims  to  state  of  PA  Request  and  schedule  office  visits,  surveillance,  nurse  case  management  and
independent medical examinations Review, approve or deny physician, hospital, durable medical equipment
and  pharmacy  bills  based  on  medical  necessity  Composed  and  drafted  all  outgoing  correspondence  and
reports for managers Process, release and reimburse payments to medical providers, home health aides &
pharmacies Knowledge of ICD-9, CMS 1500 forms, IDX systems, SMS as well as Navinet

Medical Biller, Medical Billing Supervisor, Consultant
Consolidated Billing Services  -  Upper Darby, PA - March 2006 to August 2006

Register and charge inpatient, outpatient & emergency visits for multiple physicians 
Distribute payments and process disputes from various health insurance companies Controlled monthly cash
sheet and reported to provider offices 
A/R analyzing as well as follow-up procedures for multiple providers 
Monitor service calls, assign duties, manage employee schedule and payroll 
Trained several subordinates in patient registration, charging visits 
Evaluate employee performance through production reports

EDUCATION

Community College of Philadelphia
September 2011 to Present

diploma
Charles Audenried High School
June 2001

