Edmund Borden

Sanitation Engineer

Penns Grove, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Edmund-Borden/9a202153cf9843db

To obtain employment with an organization that would allow me to utilize my skills so that I can be an effective
member in the completion of daily job responsibilities.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sanitation Engineer
BORO OF PENNS GROVE - June 1990 to July 2010

where my daily duties included, management of a team of six individuals. I maneuvered a wide variety of
heavy duty machinery ranging from a lawn mower to a 25 yard trash truck. Weekly Safety/Recycling Reports
were completed and sent in to supervisors. I was often involved in important OSHA Safety meetings, managed
weekly  time  reports  for  staff,  also  including  daily  log  and  records  of  vehicle  service  and  equipment,  state
chemical reports, truck retro fit. Monitored pump stations throughout the entire town. I maintained the streets,
lawns, and emergency snow removal etc of borough properties. Parts of my duties were the removal of large
debris after damage from storms. I also took part in the physical labor that came along with my job. I also held
the title of Recycling coordinator. I held the position being On Call 24HRS for the borough Police Department
in case of emergency issues. I often filled in for Supervisors on staff.

Shipping and Receiving
Waddington Dairy  -  Salem, NJ - 1989 to 1990

WADDINGTON DAIRY in the Shipping and Receiving Department daily responsibilities included loading and
unloading trucks.

EDUCATION

MicroSoft Office
Delaware Tech - Delaware
January 2010 to January 2011

SKILLS

I maneuvered a wide variety of heavy duty machinery ranging from a lawn mower to a 25 yard trash
truck. Weekly Safety/Recycling Reports were completed and sent in to supervisors. I was often involved
in important OSHA Safety meetings, managed weekly time reports for staff, also including daily log and
records of vehicle service and equipment, state chemical reports, truck retro fit. Monitored pump stations
throughout the entire town. I maintained the streets, lawns, and emergency snow removal etc of borough
properties. Parts of my duties were the removal of large debris after damage from storms. I also took part in
the physical labor that came along with my job. I also held the title of Recycling coordinator.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

KEY STRENGTHS
Work well with others to accomplish an end resolution. Past history in management allows me the ability to
work with a wide array of individuals. Strong work ethics

