Eric Mason

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Eric-Mason/4c8bbf891efd5087

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Field Service Technician
Toshiba  -  PA - February 2016 to Present

Responsibilities
Field repair of POS equipment and file and servers.

RF Technician
CTDI  -  West Chester, PA - September 2015 to November 2015

Responsibilities
Testing, troubleshooting, and repairing Cellular Repeaters 

Accomplishments
Strong  understanding  of  RF  principals,  assisted  Engineers  in  debugging  test  rig  software.  training  other
employees and management on the use of equipment and flow of tested units daily.

Skills Used
Soldering replacement components, board replacement, Testing, Troubleshooting, streamlining the test/repair
process

Bench Tech
Precision Technology Solutions  -  Ambler, PA - January 2015 to June 2015

Responsibilities
Diagnosed, repaired, and tested PLC's and various electro-mechanical devices used for access control. 

Accomplishments
Learned and and refreshed knowledge of electrical theory and principals with component level knowledge and
abilities to pick up on common failures for specific devices.

Skills Used
Hand eye coordination, excellent note taking and studying habits(n training was provided)

Manager
United Financial Services  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2012 to September 2014

Responsibilities
Managing a franchise that offers a wide variety of services ranging from check cashing, money orders, bill
paying, buying, pawing, online sales through many online vendors and their own sites.

Accomplishments

Working  directly  for  the  owners  son  I  was  the  "go  to  guy"  helping  franchisees  stay  inboard  with  strong
interpersonal skills and support. Working to build relationships with the customers and the community always
striving to improve the image of the company.
Obtained a pawn license for the south philadelphia location, rewired and set up a reliable LAN that is integrated
with the alarms, and a new POS system. Helped train the staff and fix bugs in a unique POS system that was
still in beta. Built a thriving income stream in used and new computers. Averaging 12,000 in online sales and
8-10,000 in in store sales.

Skills Used
Customer  service,  interpersonal  skills,troubleshooting,  planning  projects,  managing  employees  and
franchisees, online sales, calculated risks, staying on top of financial and electronic trends, security,monitoring
threats.

Computer Repair Technician
Self Employed  -  NJ/PA - August 2005 to July 2014

Responsibilities
Freelance work repairing College students computers and cell phone digitizer repair. Scope of the work on
the hardware level involved upgrading RAM and HDDs and replacement of failed components and preventive
maintenance..
Software  level  work  includes  re-installation  of  operating  systems,  "cleaning"  and  repairing  corrupt  OS's
installation of critical files such as DLL's. Backing up data, transferring data. Installing free effective software
to improve the performance and longevity of the customers machine.
Helping customers with issues and general technical support.

Accomplishments
Built strong customer base, and developed a understanding of small business trends

Administrator
Jac Medi Transportation  -  Millville, NJ - August 2012 to April 2013

Office  manager  for  a  medical  transportation  company  dealing  with  billing  the  state  and  various  insurance
agencies  for  transportation  costs.  Maintaining  the  company  fleet  of  30  vans.  Duties  not  limited  to  general
service, maintain update credentials.

Maintenance Mechanic
Gerrscheimer Glass  -  Millville, NJ - July 2010 to August 2012

Responsibilities
Preventive  maintenance  on  convener  belts,  feeding  and  flow  systems  for  a  semi  automated  facility  that
manufactures medical grade glass.
Working  often  with  PLC's,  VFDs,  and  several  specalized  testing  equipment.  Replacement  of  hardware  on
moving electro-mechanical setups such as berings, spindles, greasing and lubricating moving parts.

Auto Mechanic, Class C
Remsen Dodge  -  Hazlet, NJ - February 2006 to February 2008

Working in the lot organizing and accounting for deliveries and transfers of new cars. While working in the
garage prepping new cars for sale, and servicing customer cars. work was not limited to oil changes, tire
rotation and replacement, suspension work, alignment, alternates, water pumps, and bolt ons,

Facilities Maintenance Technician
University of San Dakota  -  Vermillion, SD - August 2005 to December 2005

EDUCATION

Certificate
Monmouth County Fire Acadmey - Freehold, NJ
2003 to 2005

High School Diploma
Raritan High School - Hazlet, NJ
June 2004

Bachelor of Science in Economics
Kean University of New Jersey - Union, NJ

SKILLS

Electronics (10+ years), Troubleshooting (10+ years), Business Development (4 years)

CERTIFICATIONS

Firefighter II
April 2003 to December 2025
Firefighter certification, OSHA standards, state and municipal code, CPR, first responder, hazmat.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Industrial  and  Business  Generalist  with  diversified  background  in  maintaining  and  repairing  mechanical
equipment, facilities, and computer systems, supplemented by significant experience in communicating and
cultivating productive relations with customers and business associates. Core competencies include:

• Computer Repair • Automotive Maintenance/Repair • Facilities Maintenance
• Project Planning • Troubleshooting/Fault Isolation • Computer Network Installation
• Electrical Maintenance • Plumbing • Carpentry/Framing
• Masonry • Fire Safety • Customer Relationship Management

Payroll
Accounts payable
Fleet management
Billing
Medicaid compliance
State compliance
OSHA regulations
PLC's
Board Level work
PC troubleshooting
Networking
Online Researching

