Erik Larson

Freelance Stylist and Fashion Expert

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Erik-Larson/50a679fdd9f8d4fe

I’m a content creator and artistic director in every sense of the words. Over the past decade I've worked as
a designer and artist, studying design at the high school, undergrad, and graduate level. In my professional
career I've worked in the fields of fashion, theatre, entertainment and social media; serving as a stylist, costume
designer, wardrobe supervisor and blogger, respectively. 

Currently, I maintain the life & style blog "Move Over, Gwyneth" - a tongue-in-cheek take on contemporary
culture and design. It covers topics like fashion, grooming, home, recipes, DIY and more. #MOGBLOG has
over 3.8K total reach and receives over 1K page views a month, with over 70% of its traffic being viewed
via mobile devices. Working in social media has taught me the importance of strong and clear objectives in
marketing, but truly across any field.

Coworkers recognize me as a self-starter and fiercely curious worker, always seeking more information and
drawing connections between my current projects and previous experience. I work quite well on my own, but
find my most fulfilling work comes from collaborating with others. I thank my years as a costume designer on
an artistic team for that.

I have an MFA from Carnegie Mellon University and a BFA from Penn State University. And though I lived on
the west coast for a moment, my heart belongs back east. I loved seasons too much to stay in California for
long, and never did quite develop a taste for kale juice.

I’m currently working as a stylist and blogger while I pursue new opportunities and am always looking to connect
with other interesting people in creative industries. If you'd like to contact me, I can be reached either through
this profile or by phone at […] Cheers!
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Freelance Stylist and Fashion Expert
Los Angeles, CA - March 2015 to Present

Wardrobe  stylist  and  assistant  for  editorial,  red  carpet,  ad  campaigns  and  music  video  projects.  Assisted
celebrity stylists Anita Patrickson and Zoe Costello on a number of shoots including E! News specials, Urban
Decay Cosmetics ad campaigns, music video shoots for Tori Kelly and Halsey, as well as editorials for Marie
Claire. Also served as lead stylist for John Garet Stoker, star of MTV's Eye Candy.

Creator and Chief Blogger behind #MOGBLOG
- March 2015 to Present

Move Over Gwyneth" is a humorous life & style blog sharing exclusive content I've produced, documented
and curated on topics like fashion, grooming, home, recipes, DIY and more. Currently, the blog has over 3.8K
total reach and receives over 1K page views a
month, with over 70% of its traffic being viewed via mobile devices. Through its steady growth, #MOGBLOG
has collaborated with several clothing and lifestyle brands, and been featured on the social media channels
of CB2, American Eagle Outfitters, and Kiehl's.

Press Manager
Co Collections  -  Los Angeles, CA - October 2014 to February 2015

Responsible  for  developing  and  maintaining  Public  Relations  with  online  and  print  publications  as  well  as
celebrity stylists. Duties included advising and promoting specific pieces for press requests, maintaining a
catalogue of the rotating press closet, and coordinating daily international shipping and receiving. Also served
as Assistant Stylist on lookbook shoots for Style.com, sourcing shoes and accessories, prepping wardrobe,
and working on set to ensure quality control throughout the shoot process.

EDUCATION

Master of Fine Arts in Costume Design
Carnegie Mellon University
2011 to 2014

Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theatre Design and Technology
Penn State University
2007 to 2011

SKILLS

Microsoft Office (5 years), Adobe Photoshop (4 years), Blogging (2 years), Web Content (2 years), Social
Media (4 years)

LINKS

http://www.hashtagmogblog.com

http://www.linkedin.com/in/erikandersonlarson

