Gwendetta Jones

administrative I Secretary - Trenton Board of Education

Trenton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Gwendetta-Jones/3bf06da4b784359c

I am seeking a full time position to meet the needs of your clients through interpersonal skills, strong work
ethic, innovative problem solving and practical experience. I am able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously
and have strong organizational as well as analytical skills in a team oriented environment. I have acquired
combined professional, educational, business, and personal experience in various areas.

ADMINISTRATIVE
* Office Administration/Management
* NJ State Laws and regulations savvy
* Organized and detail-oriented
* Exemplifies safety rules and regulations

Customer service
• Tactful and effective communicator, with well-rounded verbal and written communication

Ability  to  utilize  various  team  player  applications  such  as,  supervising  principles  to  perform  administrative
entry-level management duties, techniques to promote employee motivation, analyze and resolve problems
common to entry-level positions, and principles of marketing and consumer retention, and have been an NJEA
member for eight years.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

administrative I Secretary
Trenton Board of Education  -  Trenton, NJ - November 2007 to Present

* Greet and interact with public, parents, students, school employees, and government officials such as the
Mayor of Trenton, City Council Members and state representatives in routine situations which require tact,
discretion, and courtesy.
* Extensive clerical duties requiring typing proficiency and speed in preparation of school correspondence, data
entry, and data management. Proficient in MS Office Suite including Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.
* Prepare letters, memoranda, reports, requisitions, and other materials from notes or verbal instructions.
* Provide additional support as needed to school Principal as well as coordinating and processing all support
staff time sheets for payroll purposes. Assist with fire and emergency drills as well as real time emergency
events in a calm and orderly fashion directing students and staff accordingly. Proficient in the use of district
network software programs such as EDUMET and Powerschool.
* Entering and tracking student attendance via Powerschool software.
* Registering students for initial entry into Trenton Public Schools and Transferring students.

Customer Service specialist
Express Personnel Services  -  East Windsor, NJ - November 2005 to January 2006

* Customer's satisfaction, job order auditing, deposits & transfers, complaint handing & resolution, job order
operations management team building & training cost- reduction strategies.

* Educated employees on compliance topics to ensure company's maximum profitability. Coached and trained
temporary  employees  on  how  to  improve  their  performance  and  productivity  levels,  and  balanced  daily
company revenue and expense sheets; issued monthly invoices to the administrative department.

Customer Service specialist
Staffing Now  -  Princeton, NJ - 2004 to 2005

*  Effectively  controlled  front  end  operations  to  include  verification  of  provider  sample  program.  Physician
tracking influenza directory.
* Competently ensured all contact was accounted for by performing opening/closing data counts. Computer
and data recording, educated employees on compliance topics to ensure company's maximum profitability.
Coached and trained employees to improve their performance and productivity levels.

EDUCATION

Bachelor in Criminal Justice
Thomas Edison State College of NJ - Trenton, NJ
2014

Associate of Arts in Criminal Justice
Bucks County Community College - Newtown, PA
2011

Master's in Special Education (Expected Graduation in June 2016)
Grand Canyon University - Phoenix, AZ
2014

AWARDS

Support Staff Member of the Month
February 2016
Awarded Support Staff Member of the Month at Grace A. Dunn Middle School.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Member of School Leadership Team […] at Grace A. Dunn Middle School Trenton NJ
NJEA Emerging Leaders Conference Completion April 10-12, 2015

