Joyce Quick

Creative, Social, Dedicated Individual. Willing to branch out into job experiences.

Malaga, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joyce-Quick/ef17dcafe128685f

To achieve a position that utilizes public relation skills, attention to detail, computer knowledge, and multi-
profession experience.

Desired Occupation(s):

Data Entry Keyers
Customer Service
Receptionist/Clerk Workers

WORK EXPERIENCE

Materials Distribution Associate
Wedgewood Pharmacy  -  Swedesboro, NJ - February 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
: To process materials indicated on pick sheet, pull the items and transport to appropriate destination within
facility. Scan the pick sheet to process the time delivered. Also answer inbound, in house calls for equipment
or additional items needed. Return items to indicated spot to ensure correct inventory and easy retrieval of
that item for the next use. Pharmacy Technician certification needed for weighing and repacking large quantity
containers into smaller, appropriate PPE must be worn when completing this task. Working with Pharmacist
to provide better service to client. The ability to work in a team or individual situation, ability to climb ladders
and lift up to 50 lbs. In shipping, visually match medication, address, and information to ensure accuracy. To
pack and process each order according to shipping needs. To label and process order for efficient and safe
arrival. Knowledge of Windows Office, Starship Client, and data placement is key in this position. 

Accomplishments
Moved from shipping department to materials. Obtained my pharmacy technician license. Involved in several
projects during inventory.

Skills Used
Data  entry,  measuring  and  weighing,  picking  and  pulling  compounds  needed.  Efficiency,  team  work,
communication, and cooperation.

Room Service Attendant/Relief Supervisor
Inspira Health Network Vineland  -  Vineland, NJ - March 2012 to February 2015

Job Duties: Preparation, presentation, of meals in an efficient and pleasant manner to client. Correct input of
diet item selected by patient Operating the call center by answering phones, inputting patient meal, trouble
shooting, outgoing calls consist of nursing support to better service the patient .Using Sorian and card file to
update patient information. Education of diet to patient if needed. Maintaining quality, portion, temperature and
appearance of meal. Upholding safe food handling standards and courtesy to client. Using patient identifiers
with every client. Cleaning and maintaining work stations, filling and rotating stock appropriately. Providing
excellent service every patient, every time. Interacting with other staff to better provide the client. As Relief
Supervisor, I am responsible for but not limited to, overseeing, troubleshooting staff members and kitchen in

the facility, money handling, filling and filing of paperwork, completing inventory orders, placing work orders,
updating other personnel with emails, following standards set, completing tasks to the betterment of the client.

Dietary Aide
Kennedy Healthcare Center at Washington  -  Sewell, NJ - April 2011 to March 2012

Job  Duties:  Preparation,  presentation,  of  meals  in  an  efficient  and  pleasant  manner  to  residents  or  client.
Knowledge of menu choices as to dietary needs per client. Maintaining quality, portion and appearance of
meals delivered. Upholding safe food handling standards. To clean and maintain work stations. To provide
excellent customer service. Keeping updated with diet changes and meal service.

Home Instead Senior Care
NutriServe Food Management  -  Burlington, NJ - October 2007 to December 2010

Title: Cafeteria Staff
Location: Burlington, NJ Duration: 10/2007 - 12/2010
Job Duties: Included preparation, presentation, and point of sale for school lunch to client. Maintaining and
cleaning equipment and preparation stations. Upholding safe food handling and serving and finishing within
time frame given.

Employer: Home Instead Senior Care Title: CAREgiver

To provide companionship and home helper services to clients
Woodbury, NJ - December 2006 to January 2008

These duties can include activities and support services, like accompanying client to doctors or assisting in
daily home activities. Filing out daily log sheets of duties performed or activities participated in.

Data Entry Associate
Catholic Health Initiatives  -  Aston, PA - August 1997 to April 1998

Job Duties: Calling patients in an office type setting to receive and record verbatim feedback of a doctor or
hospital visit. Data was computerized and remained anonymous so doctors and hospitals could better serve
the patient needs. Detail orientation and excellent phone skills were paramount to this position.

Certified Nurses' Aide
Wesley Manor  -  Ocean City, NJ - November 1990 to April 1995

Job Duties: Responsibilities included but not limited to, caring for elderly patients to their individual needs, e.g.;
bathing, dressing, feeding, reading to them, as well as enjoying activities like music, and pet therapy.

EDUCATION

Certificate in Medical Billing Associate
Gloucester Institute of Technology

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills and Abilities:
Familiar  with  home  helper  services,  companionship  services,  food  preparation  service,  filling  and  filing  of
log sheets, handling money. Computer skills; Windows and Microsoft proficient, 38 wpm. Medical Related
Skills; Knowledge of CPT, HCPCS, ICD-9, as well as some medical terminology, and familiarity with common
insurances,  familiar  with  Sorian  for  use  of  menu  preparation.  General  knowledge  of  placing  and  receiving

inventory orders, counting and depositing funds, and general knowledge of opening and closing procedures
while performing supervisor role.

