Katelyn Stetler

Business Professional

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Katelyn-Stetler/651a16523cf43ea2

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

COPYWRITER / SHIPPING
Lindas Stuff - March 2014 to Present

Create and develop informative, brand right descriptions and compelling
marketing copy for high fashion brands. As well as accessories jewelry and home goods. Ensure consistency
and adherence to
Linda's Stuff copy standards. Effectively manage workflow, maintain high
standards  for  writing  and  proofreading.  Manage  inventory  organization,  and  maintain  stock,  shipping  and
packaging standards for customer delivery
satisfaction.

Freelance
- September 2010 to Present

FREELANCE HAIRSTYLIST AND MAKEUP ARTIST
Master colorist and stylist. Through knowledge of hair styling trends and hair
practices.  Inform  and  advise  clients  on  appropriate  hairstyles,  colors,  and  techniques  based  on  hair  type.
Perform facials, makeup application, skin
consultations, and recommend makeup products.

SHIFT MANAGER
Brewmaster - January 2013 to March 2014

Acted  as  a  resource,  trainer,  and  communicator  of  information  to  manage  store  while  enhancing  selling
behaviors to drive customer loyalty with on the spot
coaching  and  current  brand  strategies.  Created  and  developed  content  for  the  store's  Facebook  page  by
working with the owner to create cohesive posts and
update to drive brand loyalty. Participated in store contests, training, and meetings in order to develop a strong
skill set to help meet and exceed store
goals.
Jean Madeline

COSMETOLOGY INSTRUCTOR
Aveda Inst - April 2011 to December 2012

Developed weekly lesson plans and ensured the curriculum being taught
reflected current standards within the industry for up to 50 students per day.
Maintained academic records and ensured continuous evaluation was given to students on an ongoing basis.
Ensured client satisfaction by effectively
managing clinic floor, counseled and guided students, and assisted in resolving
student issues
National Laser

Institute

EDUCATION

Cosmetology License, Cosmetology Instructor in Cosmetology
Jean Madeline Aveda Institute - Philadelphia, PA
2010 to 2011

Laser Certification, Chemical Peel Certification, Teeth Whitening in Medical Aesthetics
National Laser Institute  - Scottsdale, AZ
2012

SKILLS

Microsoft, Excel, Powerpoint, Business Development, Business Management, Inventory Management,
Inventory Control, Stocking, Storage, Shipping, UPS, Packaging, eBay, Sales, Customer Service, Client
Services

CERTIFICATIONS

Cosmetology

Cosmetology Instructor

Laser Certification

Chemical Peels

Teeth Whitening

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
Latest Product Specialist, Luxury Fashion Knowledge, eBay and Shipping/ Packaging Knowledge, Product

