Keith Jenkinson

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Keith-Jenkinson/b8757cba9eaf243c

WORK EXPERIENCE

Engineer
Sheraton of Valley Forge  -  King of Prussia, PA - October 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
My responsibilities are to positively intereact with the guest at all times. Answer any mechainical needs through
out the facility. As part of engineering department we are required to have basic mechanincal abilities and
understandings of HVAC, plumbing, electrical, carpentry and data systems.

Accomplishments
During my employment at the Sheraton I was responsible for operating as an acting Chief Engineer for one
month until a more experanced person was hired.

Skills Used
The skills I demomstrate while at the Sheraton are those of working as a team player, communicate effectively
between all department heads and co-workers. Also made repairs to the air handler units on the roof, made
plumbing repairs, ran electric lines, painted, spackled and my ability to troubleshoot problems for the begining
to the end.

Emergency Medical Technician
Community Ambulance Assocation of Ambler  -  Ambler, PA - September 2011 to Present

Responsibilities
Some of the responsibilities I have with this employer at to correctly and accurately obtain patient demographics
and insurance information. I also am responsible for entering all information obtained in to the computer system
with in 24 hours of transporting the patient. I respond to all 911 related medical related emergencies while
operating their vehicles in a safe manner. Also to intereact with the patient, families, hospital staff and other
emergency personel in a clear manner. 

Accomplishments
Some of the accompishments of mine with Ambler is I actively particapate in training both manditory and non
manditory. I have joined the bike team where we attend large functions and handle medical emergencies while
utilizing a bicycle to get through the crowds.

Skills Used
The skills I use here are my abiliy to effectively communicate with all both written and verbal. My ability to stay
calm and think clearly while in stressful situation.

Emergency Medical Technician / Engineer
Second Alarmers Rescue Squad and Assocation  -  Willow Grove, PA - May 1999 to September 2014

Responsibilities
The responsibilities I had were to respond to all 911 related medical emergencies, to collect and throughly
document all patient demographics and insurance information. I was also responsible for checking out the
supplies and equipment on the truck as well as restocking and reporting and issues.

Accomplishments
Some of the accomplishments I have achieved while employed here where;
- Three times I was recognized for life saving measures. 
- I was recognized by Cheltenham Township for a successful resustation of a 56 year old female who went
into cardiac arrest. 
- I also recieved several letter of recognition from the Neurology Department of Abington Memorial Hospital
for the role I played in the reovering of a stroke victim.
- Was placed in charge of ordering supplies for the station.
- Particapated in the maintinance program for the ambulances. 

Skills Used
The skills I used while here were my ability to effectively communicate with patients, their families, hospital
staff as well as other emergency responders. I also used my mechaincal backgroung for the maintinance of
the ambulances.

Service Technician / Truck Driver
Pepsi Beverage Company  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2002 to August 2012

Responsibilities
While here my responsibilities were to deliver product and equipment to customers in a effecient courtious
manner.  To  perform  both  pre  and  post  trip  checks  of  the  trucks.  Operate  the  company  vehicles  in  a
safe and professional manner. Also was responsible for repairs to soda dispensing equipment. Along with
troubleshooting electrical and plumbing needs.

Accomplishments
The accomplishments I have made while here are;
- Obtained my Class A Commercial Drivers Licenes
- Safe Driver Award
- Role Model Award
- Most Valuble Player Award

Skills Used
The skills I used were an ability to document and follow up on any and all issues. The ability to trouble shoot.
Also delveloped customer relationships.

Lead Service Technician / Field Supervisor
Fireside Hearth and Home  -  Limerick, PA - September 1998 to July 2002

Responsibilities
I was responsible for assisting the other technicians with problem calls. I schduled the other technicians with
their work load daily and made sure it was a load that would be able to achieve. I acted as the middle man
between the company and the different builders. Trouble shot gas appliances and many venting issues.

Accomplishments
While I was employed here I was promoted to Field Supervisor after two years.

Skills Used
Some of my skills used here were my communication and organization skills. Also used were my ability to
trouble shoot along with mechanical abilities.

EDUCATION

Emergency Medical Technician
Montgomery County Community College - Blue Bell, PA
1998 to 1999

Automotive Repair
Easter Montgomery County Vocational Education Center - Willow Grove, PA
1990 to 1992

Bishop McDevitt High School - Wyncote, PA
1987 to 1992

