Kendra Phelps

New Beginnings

Cherry Hill, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kendra-Phelps/23c44f006da602da

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Logistics
Nordstrom Inc - February 2016 to April 2016

Logistics February 2016-April 2016
● Shipping merchandise to customers, transferring merchandise to stores and extra web orders to fulfillment
centers.
● Pull web orders from the sales floor and prepare for shipping
● Work with UPS and USPS for incoming and outgoing deliveries
● Pull deliveries off truck and stock items for the sales floor
● Housekeeping and order of the dock area
● Certified hazmat trained to ship orders that contain alcohol and acetone
● Track items for customers and sales associates
● Deliver mail to the correct department
● Email managers to reorder boxes, and bags for the store
● Assist with the setting up and cleaning up for store fashion shows and other important meetings

Customer Service Representative
The Long Island Railroad Jamaica New York - July 2015 to October 2015

Assisted commuters via call center setting with information that related to train services, track
platform designation, parking and directions.
● Managed an explanation to commuters who had complaints with train service, employees,
ticket price, appearance of the train station, or anything that would have been a result of negligence on behalf
of the Long Island Rail Road.
● Forwarded all calls to the right department so commuter's needs are met.

Block Operator/Train Dispatcher
The Long Island Railroad Jamaica New York - May 2012 to June 2015

Supervised, directed and managed all scheduled and nonscheduled trains.
● Collaborated with local fire and Police departments during emergencies
● Reported and maintained records in regards to train delays, travel log equipment failures, and
Speed certifications by the Locomotive Engineers.
● Wrote and Issued Train orders to Railroad Crews, Roadway Workers in Charge and Foreman's
● Reported to other Operators /Dispatchers if a train is delayed, held, or anything out of the ordinary.
● Ensured the protection and safety of employees who needed to work on the infrastructure on the tracks.
●  Forwarded  any  track  changes  made  to  the  Station  Master  so  they  announce  the  correct  tracks  to  the
commuters.
● Responsible for completing the daily Log. The daily log is a report how trains operated for the day. It shows
the on time performance and delays, noted any unusual occurrences failed
equipment, speed test certification, and displayed the names of supervisors on duty.

●  Coordinated  with  the  Yard  Master  with  inbound  and  outbound  trains  leaving  the  station  en  route  with
commuters or departing to the yard facility.

Ticket Clerk
The Long Island Railroad Jamaica New York - May 2008 to 2012

Responsible for selling commuters Train tickets
● Assisted commuters with General information that pertained to track designation, directions,
specific train stations, Assistance to the platform.
● Diffuse any situations at the ticket window that was a result from a train delayed or service
disruption. Liable with daily monetary transactions that resulted from selling tickets.
● Responsible to drop off daily transactions to the nearest bank.
● Audit Conductors when they turn in cash from their daily tour of duty

Man power Clerk
The Long Island Railroad Jamaica New York - February 2009 to October 2009
● Answer inbound calls from Electricians, oilers, and Train Cleaners in the Maintenance of Way
Department
● Assisted with weekly payroll
● log employees who called off duty for being sick or any miscellaneous reasons
● Contact employees when they are rewarded a new position, or bumped off a position
● Employees who had hour of service cards were logged in the system on a weekly basis.

Financial Associate
Citibank  -  Garden City, NY - June 2004 to February 2008

Assisted customers with financial transactions not limited to deposits, withdrawals, transfer
wires, and selling travelers checks.
● Informed Customers of different products that can accommodate their financial needs.
● Cross selling to new customers and existing customers on accounts that can benefit their needs.
● Responsible for the branch newsletter which kept employees informed of products of the month and other
job announcements

Identification Clerk/Information Services
Nassau Community College - August 2003 to January 2004

Responsible for taking Identification pictures of Students, Faculty and Staff
● Operate switchboard and transfer calls to the right department
● Answer inquiries about the school to prospective students and current
● distribute mail to others in the department

EDUCATION

SUNY College at Old Westbury
September 2006 to May 2007

Bachelor's
SUNY College at Old Westbury Bachelor's in American Studies
May 2007

SKILLS

Excel (4 years), Word (10+ years), Outlook (3 years)

