Khalidah Hassan

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Khalidah-Hassan/348372fa4fcb9741

Trustworthy and loyal hardworking Private Housekeeper who consistently meets goals while maintaining a
welcoming environment.Excellent communication skills and cleaning practices combine to ensure meeting
expectations.Extensive private housekeeping experience.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Days Inn   -  Philadelphia, PA - December 2014 to July 2015

Responsibilities
Maintained excellent and thorough home housekeeping records.

Worked closely with homeowners to ensure household goals were reached.

Completed daily cleaning tasks, including sweeping, mopping and waxing floors, polishing silverware, cleaning
surfaces and dusting.

Maintained list of household supplies.
Supervised other household staff.

Scheduled regular linen and drape changing and cleaning.

Childcare Provider
BrightStar Care  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2010 to 2012

Responsibilities
2

Child Care Worker
• Supervised activities of children
• Prepared and served meals utilizing provided menus
• Attended staff meetings and training
• Provided children with positive reinforcement
• Provided first aid treatment as necessary
• Maintained order, security and sanitation of the facility
• Performed housekeeping and laundry
• Supervised children in everyday jobs
• Maintained complete and accurate daily records
• Implemented behavior modification techniques as instructed

Customer Service Representative
Market Connect Group  -  Philadelphia, PA

Responsibilities
Communicated directly with customers by phone, electronically or face to face.

Provided customers with technical support using maintenance procedures created with company products.
Wrote and kept accurate records of discussions and correspondence with customers.
Managed and supervised a team of customer services representatives.
Provided customer service team with feedback.
Met with other team managers to discuss possible improvements in customer service and company’s products.
Trained and coached team members to deliver a high standard of customer service.
Learned about products and services and kept up to date with changes.
Kept ahead of technology developments by attending professional courses

EDUCATION

Overbrook High School - Philadelphia, PA
2005 to 2008

CERTIFICATIONS

HIPAA
November 2014

OSHA
November 2014

Home Health Aide

