Marchae Phillips

Customer Service Representative/ Billing Support

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Marchae-Phillips/cf448d2dcb5f3ad3

Marchae Phillips
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19149
Email: MarchaedPhillips@gmail.com
Phone: […]

Dear Human Resources,

My name is Marchae Phillips and I have attached my resume for your review in application to the position you
have available. I have primary experience in customer service related work. Previously, I worked within a high
volume customer service call center a billing representative enabling me to develop strong communication
skills with customers, my superiors, as well as peers. I am a hard worker and when the opportunity to make
my superiors proud presents itself I never disappoint. I am a team player, energetic, friendly and professional.
Hopefully I've told you a little about myself that shows what I can bring to the team at your establishment.
Please see the accompanying resume for details of my experience and skills. Thank you for your consideration
and I hope to hear from you soon.

Objective: 
To secure a position with a well established organization with a stable environment that will lead to a lasting
relationship in the field of Customer Service.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Billing Representative
Comcast Business  -  Horsham, PA - September 2014 to October 2015

Responsibilities
Comcast Business Horsham, PA-
Billing Representavie, Customer Account Executive
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

-Field a high volume of inbound calls and emails and assess customer needs.
-Handle incoming customer calls with the intent of providing exceptional customer satisfaction and retention.
-Review  customer  inquiries,  problems,  requests  and  suggestions;  determines  appropriate  solutions  and/or
responses.
-Distribute calls when necessary to other resources to ensure customers needs are handled in a timely fashion.
-Make billing adjustments and records interactions with customers and other agents in data system.

Accomplishments
Met with a high que of calls I assisted customers promptly and efficiently. 

Skills Used
-Maintained a high percentage of first call resolution - 85% (65% minimum)
-Surpassed upsell quota - 6.5% (2% minimum)

-Excellent de-escalation skills- Two supervisor escalation contact in one years time

Data Entry, Telemarketing
Marquee Marketing  -  Jenkintown, PA - June 2011 to February 2012

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Data entry
• Making outbound calls to warm leads
• Resolve customer inquiries while providing exceptional customer service to 200 call per day
• Sell/solicit our products to meet personal performance goals.

Data Entry, Clerical
Delta Market Research & Development  -  Hatboro, PA - February 2009 to April 2010

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Conduct market research study on consumer demographic trends
• Data entry, light clerical work (filing, faxing, copy machine)
• Fulfilled daily given quota
• Making outbound calls to warm leads

EDUCATION

Community College of Philadelphia
2010 to 2011

Northeast High School
2005 to 2008

