Marquise Granger

Burlington, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Marquise-Granger/94a6adb1f6486c5c

Customer  Service  Rep/  Shipping/  Receiving/  Recovery  Clerk/  Material  Handler  Warehouse/  Retail/  Team
member
Willing to relocate to: Mount Laurel, NJ - Burlington, NJ - Cherryhill, NJ
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Customer Service Rep / Guest Service / Material Handler / Shipping and Receiving / Line
Cook / Prep Cook / Kitchen Staff / Cleaning Crew
Burger King  -  Burlington, NJ - February 2016 to Present

Prep foods to orders coordinating foods orders to support timely and efficient delivery to each table. Work in
a team - oriented, high volume, fast - paced, guest centric environment that celebrates living well by. Meeting
special  guest  requests  while  ensuring  some  high  standards.  Ensuring  proper  food  safety  and  sanitation
standards while ensuring some high standards. Following sanitation standards including washing cookware
and utensils throughout the day. Cleaning equipment as assigned thoroughly and in a timely fashion according
to Burger King sanitation guidelines.

Culinary Chef/Line Cook / Serve Pro
Cathedral Kitchen Culinary Training And Arts Program  -  Camden, NJ - February 2016 to Present

Ability  to  work  the  line  during  high  volume.  Ability  to  multi  -  task  in  a  high  placed  environment.  Extensive
knowledge of food products, food preparation and food presentation. Knowledge of culinary trends. Knowledge
of  weights,  measurements,  volume  and  cooking  procedures.  Able  to  follow  instructions  for  recipes  and
sanitation  guidelines.  Consistently  and  accurately  using  prep  sheets,  Road  maps,  cleanliness  list,  and
station checklist. Following sanitation standards including washing cookware and utensils throughout the day.
Cleaning equipment as assigned thoroughly and in a timely fashion according to Cathedral Culinary Kitchen
sanitation guidelines. Serve Pro Certified

Customer Service Rep / Material Handler / RF Scanner / Shipping / Receiving / Recovery
Clerk / Childcare assistant/Line Cook
Footsteps All Around Childcare  -  Burlington, NJ - June 2012 to October 2016

Responsibilities
Meeting  and  Greeting  Visitors  /  Parents  /  Children.  Assisting  with  educational  program.  Provide  Clerical
Assistance  to  the  Director  with  the  accounts.  Data  Entry  of  Records  Copying,  Filing  and  Processing  New
Entries. Sorting receipts, Calculating on a 10-key calculator. Making sure all paper items are fully stocked for
daily use. Answering telephone incoming and outbound call documenting payments. Responsible for inventory
control of food supplies.Perform shipping and receiving functions.
Ensuring proper food safety and sanitation standards to ensure guest safety. Completes all items on the daily
preparation list; keeps the line cooks stocked with basic critical items throughout the shift, and clean, sanitizes,
and maintain equipment, utensils and tools.
Accomplishments:
Ability to work independently. Ability to work in a fast paced environment with solid time management skills.
Strong oral and written communication skills including reading and following written instructions. Performed
various functions in the office including data entry of daily child behavior reports provided to parents. Used
RF scanner for inventory storage duties. Handled high volume inbound and outbound call on a daily basis.

Performed shipping and receiving functions. Maintained a safe secure and healthy environment by following
company  policies  procedures  and  safety.  Received  recognition  from  Director  for  working  accurately  and
efficiently.

Skills Used
Strong  Communication  Skills,  Flexibility  and  Adaptability,  Quick  Leaner,  Positive  Attitude,  Contribute  to
Positive Work Environment, Team Work Skills, Computer Literate, Microsoft, Excel, Power Point, Data Entry.
Typing 35 wpm, Reliable and Hard-Working. Line Cook - Culinary Chef

EDUCATION

science/math
Irvington High School - Irvington, NJ
2008 to 2012

SKILLS

Excellent Communication Skills (3 years), Team Player (6 years), Microsoft, Excel (4 years), Data Entry (3
years), Power Point (4 years), Telephone Skills, Inventory Management, RF Scanner (3 years), Typing 45
Wpm, Customer Service Skills (4 years), Inventory Management (4 years), Microsoft (4 years), Telephone
Skills (4 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Culinary Arts Program

