Matthew Huston

Chief Engineer - Pillar/Marriott Hotel

Williamstown, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Matthew-Huston/b2bd949f4090b453

To obtain a permanent full time position utilizing my skills and experience to assure a quality work environment
in a team atmosphere.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Chief Engineer
Pillar/Marriott Hotel  -  Township of Deptford, NJ - 2014 to Present

Here I am the manager of the maintenance and ground departments. Oversee the duties of fellow engineer
and grounds keeper. I am also responsible for supply orders and act as main contact for any outside contracted
maintenance needs. Responsible for daily upkeep of both the inside and outside of the hotel which include
but are not limited to painting, electrical, plumbing, preventative maintenance of rooms and the cleaning and
repairing of ice machines and p-tacs. Also responsible for the testing and logging of chlorine, ph and alkalinity
and daily upkeep of indoor pool. I am responsible for handling maintenance complaints with customers. I am
able to retrieve requested tasks from quore.

Maintenance Technician
Stonybrook Luxury Apartments  -  Township of Deptford, NJ - 2011 to 2014

Maintenance
Responsible for the daily upkeep of 250 units. Responsible for diagnosing and repairing minor electrical and
plumbing problems. Also responsible for replacing flooring, tearing out of carpet, heating repairs, painting,
installation  of  drywall,  drywall  repair  and  maintaining  property.  Have  experience  in  redoing  bathrooms  as
well as installing kitchen cabinets, sinks, light fixtures and faucets. Also experience in prepping apartments.
Responsible for the cleanliness of grounds. Accept on call responsibility.

Gutter Technician
Tru-Flo Gutters  -  Williamstown, NJ - 2000 to 2011

Responsible  for  the  installation  of  gutters,  gutter  guards,  and  spouts.  Stock  work  truck  with  appropriate
materials for each day. Assumed responsibility of all measuring, preparing, and cleaning of job sites. Act as
team lead or the truck. Responsible for the training of new employees. Also responsible for doing estimates
as well as obtaining new customers.

Yard Manager / Gutter Technician
Rainbow Siding and Supply, Inc  -  Sicklerville, NJ - 1989 to 2000

Supervised customer service representatives. Delegated daily breaks to team members. Responsible for the
stocking of the warehouse, as well as the loading and unloading of materials. Accountable for the maintaining
and repairing of forklifts, gutter machines and end cap press. Liable for the daily upkeep of work vehicles.
Assisted clients with purchases. Installed gutters, gutter guards and screens.

EDUCATION

Diploma
Williamstown High School - Williamstown, NJ
1986

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills:
Multi-tasking with construction and customer service experience.

