Michael Andrews

Assistant Engineer - Hyatt Place Hotel

Burlington, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Andrews/0edb606402b59896

Motivated college junior working towards career in computer and mechanical Engineering. Excellent at juggling
multiple tasks and working under pressure. Strong leadership and relationship-building skills. Personable with
excellent communication skills and strong motivation to succeed. Solid team player with great positive attitude.
Organized, independent worker with strong time-management skills.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Engineer
Hyatt Place Hotel  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - June 2013 to Present

Basic HVAC (Maintenance) skills on equipment such as Ptac units, sinks, toilets, drains, pipes, elevator shafts,
electrical wiring throughout the building
• Provide customer service and a warm welcome to any and all guest
• Certified Pool Operator (CPO)
• Order and install basic maintenance and safety needs
• Checking blueprints and checking making sure everything in the hotel runs the way it should

Unit Supply Specialist
U S Army Reserve  -  Bristol, PA - November 2012 to Present

Receive, inspect, inventory, load/unload, store, issue and deliver supplies and equipment.
• Maintain automated supply system for accounting of organizational and installation supplies and equipment.
• Issue and receive small arms. Secure and control weapons and ammunition in security areas.
• Schedule and perform preventive and organizational maintenance on weapons.

Grill Cook/Dishwasher
Cracker Barrel  -  Westampton, NJ - May 2011 to September 2012

Frequently switched between positions as Cold Food prep, Soup Station Chef and Relief Chef mid shift to
support changing needs of large industrial kitchen.
• Operated large-volume cooking equipment such as grills and deep-fat fryers.

Kitchen Associate
Home for Aged Women  -  Burlington, NJ - November 2009 to May 2010

Assisted in preparation of meals for senior residents.
• Maintained dining room and kitchen by performing cleaning duties.

EDUCATION

AAS in Engineering
Burlington County College - Pemberton, NJ

