Radames Laboy

Regional Manager Tax Collection

Willingboro, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Radames-Laboy/0a528c207bebf387

Highly organized and detailed oriented supervisor with sales experience, seeking a position where I can utilize
my skills to help a company achieve their challenging goals while meeting set guidelines.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping Supervisor
Master Corps  -  Orlando, FL - May 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
lnspects work for conformance to prescribed standards of cleanliness.

Investigates complaints regarding housekeeping service and equipment, and takes corrective action.

Obtains list of rooms to be cleaned immediately and list of prospective check-outs or discharges to prepare
work assignments.

Coordinates work activities among all housekeeping departments.

Conducts orientation training and in-service training to explain policies, work procedures, and to demonstrate
use and maintenance of equipment.

Inventories stock to ensure adequate supplies.

Regional Manager Tax Collection
Government Center  -  Ponce, PR - June 2008 to May 2015

Responsible for supervision of staff that manage real state and businesses tax collection. Ensure all employees
followed processes to make sure that the agency stayed within the established guidelines set by the state.

Communicated with taxpayers and their representatives via mail, phone and in person in order to resolve
billing, collection and tax-related issues. Maintained an excellent report when assessing customer needs.

In charge of creating reports that measured performance of individual staff members and agency's overall
weekly performance.

Head Teller Supervisor
Villa-Coop Credit Union  -  Villalba, PR, US - June 2006 to June 2008

Lead Teller overseeing the development and enforcement of business and operational policies. Developed
and implemented the formulation of operational procedures, monitored and assessed workflow.

Handled employee conflict resolution, managed scheduling and made scheduling changes based on employee
availability. Primary person in charge of keeping accurate records of the bank's main safe. Created weekly
detailed reports that measured the banks performance

Principal supervisor responsible for accurately keeping records of the credit union's main safe. Created and
delivered weekly balance sheets and achievements.

Accountant Clerk
Caribe Hydro-blasting Environmental Group  -  Ponce, PR - February 2005 to June 2006

Performed general accounts payable functions including high-risk audits. Created budgets, forecasted short
and long term sales for the management group.

Research and identify over/under charge through review and analysis of vendor's aging reports and verify and
reconcile payment for entry into accounting system.

Coordinated monthly payroll functions for 50+ employees. Prepared company accounts and tax returns for
audit.

Store Manager
MoviStar  -  San Juan, PR - November 1998 to February 2005

Recruited,  hired,  trained,  developed  and  directed  sales  team.  Oversaw  client  relations,  new  account
development and customer service.

Supervised administrative functions, inventory, cash flow, merchandising, and operations. Conducted ongoing
staff development and personal growth planning for employees.

Developed innovative and effective marketing program to meet and exceed store's sales quota. Successfully
managed one of the highest producing wireless dealer locations in the region.

EDUCATION

Masters in Business Administration / Management
Turabo University - Ponce, PR
June 2007

Bachelors in Business Administration/ Accounting
Interamerican University of Puerto Rico - Ponce, PR
June 2002

SKILLS

Management (10+ years), Supervisor (10+ years), Leadership (10+ years)

