Richard Danetz

Pitman, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Richard-Danetz/cd62fcdf1d258938

My skills and versatility place me in a unique position to become an asset to any team. I am interested in
an employment opportunity that will allow me to use my customer service, technical abilities and enthusiasm
to  create  a  productive  and  positive  work  culture.  I  have  the  motivation  to  work  well  alone,  as  well  as,  be
an "all in" contributing member of a team. I welcome the challenge of trouble shooting and problem solving.
While performing as a team leader or team member, I promote being proactive, detail oriented and the use
of forthright and clear communication.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Cheif Engineer / Maintenance Director
Hilton Hotels & Resorts...  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - 2013 to Present

Responsibilities
Chief  maintenance  engineer  of  a  120  room  hotel  including  guest  rooms,  public  space,  back  hotel  areas,
indoor pool, spa, fitness facility, continental breakfast room and conference room, supervised 2 maintenance
engineers and worked in tandem with housekeeping supervisor, performed painting, tiling, carpeting, heating,
air-conditioning,  carpentry,  plumbing,  electrical,  initiated  preventative  maintenance  and  safety  protocols,
performed weekly and monthly standards evaluations, collaborated with property management on inventory,
supplies and equipment,managed all vendors and contracts for the property.
Preventative maintenance of all aspects of hotel, including but not limited to; HVAC, plumbing, painting, exterior
grounds, lighting, electrical, carpentry, masonry.
•Carpet cleaning program.
•Coordinate with outside vendors on repair, upgrades, and replacement.
•Respond to all guest requests that require, repair; including but not limited to television concerns, Internet/
computer, HVAC, plumbing.
•Respond to all employee engineering requests
•Create work schedules for department
•Financially responsible for budget of department
•Coordinate annual inspections of fire alarm, sprinkler systems, elevators, board of health items.
•Coordinate fire inspections annually
•Maintain inventory of Engineering supplies
•Order supplies
•Coordinate training of Engineering employees
•Work MOD shifts as required by General Manager
•Complete, and file maintenance requests in a timely manner
•Attend all necessary Executive Committee meetings
•Ensure swimming pool is clean, safe, and functional as board of health regulations.
•Obtain contracts for necessary vendors, such as waste removal, HVAC service, plumbing, etc.
•Mandatory involvement in hotel safety team.
•Facilitate annual employee evaluations of Engineering team

Owner/Operator
South Jersey Entertainment  -  Pitman, NJ - December 2010 to December 2015

DJ/KJ/MC and event planning for weddings, private parties, nightclubs, business socials and charity events,
marketing via self designed website, social media.

Facility Manager
Extra Space Storage  -  Belmar, NJ - 2007 to 2010

Customer service, sales, accounts receivable/payable, supervisor to one employee and outside contractors,
scheduling, property maintenance and security, operating Salesforce software system, data entry

Chief Engineer
Comfort Suites  -  Dover, DE - 2003 to 2006

Chief  maintenance  engineer  of  a  120  room  hotel  including  guest  rooms,  public  space,  back  hotel  areas,
indoor pool, spa, fitness facility, continental breakfast room and conference room, supervised 2 maintenance
engineers and worked in tandem with housekeeping supervisor, performed painting, tiling, carpeting, heating,
air-conditioning,  carpentry,  plumbing,  electrical,  initiated  preventative  maintenance  and  safety  protocols,
performed weekly and monthly standards evaluations, collaborated with property management on inventory,
supplies and equipment, managed all vendors and contracts for the property.

On-Site Manager
Camelot Hotel  -  Cape May, NJ - 1999 to 2003

Responsibilities
On-call/on-site property manager of 60 room motel, sales and promotions, customer service, financial reports,
predicting future financial forecasts and managed departmental budgets, recruit, train and managed staff of
10 employees, executed most on-site maintenance, hired and supervised all vendors and outside contractors,
shipping and receiving, member of Cape May Chamber of Commerce, developed and implemented safety
protocols, transformed paper based reservation/operating system into paperless, computerized reservation/
operating system

EDUCATION

Associate in Business Management
Burlington County College Pemberton - Pemberton, NJ
1987 to 1989

SKILLS

Management (10+ years), Hospitality (10+ years), Maintenance (10+ years), Computer Skills (10+ years),
Web Design (5 years), Accounts Payable (10+ years), Accounts Receivable (10+ years), Sales (9 years),
Salesforce (2 years), Marketing (10+ years), Plumbing (10+ years), Electrical (10+ years), Carpentry (10+
years), Heating (10+ years), Air-conditioning (10+ years), Scheduling (10+ years), Customer Service (10+
years), Event Planning (5 years)

