Telita Cannon

Beauty Advisor /Makeup Artist

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Telita-Cannon/e78cf8d95ad28db6

Mission Statement -
Makeup artist based in Philadelphia, PA with a highly passionate and dedicated and skilled Makeup Artistry
with an exceptional record of Customer Service and Client Satisfaction and Sales Goal Oriented with the ability
to Up sell.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Freelanced Makeup Artist
Self Employed  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2007 to Present

Responsibilities
Freelanced based makeup artist specialties including not limited to beauty, fx, editorial, fashion, avant-garde
makeup application skills and techniques. Assisted top photographers in the tri state area with photo shoots
applying makeup and also assisting with hair.

Accomplishments
Key Makeup Artist for all photographers. 

Skills Used
Customer Service
Makeup applications 
Hairstyling
Skin care regimen
Workshops

Beauty Advisor
Clinique Cosmetics Boscovo's  -  Langhorne, PA - 2006 to 2007

Responsibilities
Performed makeup application.

Advised educated customers and clients on skincare regimen and makeup application techniques.

Maintained and updated clients records on a daily basis. 

Recommended makeup choices to clients on a daily basis. 

Assisted colleagues with cleanup duties as needed.

Organized and cleaned cases for makeup display.

Unloaded inventory.

Accomplishments

Making women feel great on a daily basis. 
Always achieved my sales goals.

Skills Used
Customer Service
Customer building
Up selling
Marketing
Organization
Self starter

EDUCATION

225 hours in Cosmetic
Empire Beauty School - Philadelphia, PA
2006 to 2007

SKILLS

Certified Skin care specialist and Makeup Artist (8 years), Marketing (6 years), Graphic Design (7 years),
Adobe Photoshop (10+ years), Jasac Paint (10+ years), PHOTOGRAPHY (10+ years)

CERTIFICATIONS

Certified Skin Expert
Trained and Educated Skin Expert was certified through Clinique Cosmetics

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Highlights
2014 Raw Artist contestant Philadelphia, Pa

Featured on Raw website
www. Rawartists.org/licoricepoptheartist

2014 Key Makeup Artist Kiss Cancer Goodbye by American Cancer Society. 

Philadelphia Small Business fashion week Makeup Artist

