Toan Mach

Photo Editor

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Toan-Mach/95621f509a5cd4e9

Pursuing a career opportunity in a company or a brand where my creativity, innovation and fashion expertise
can  enhance  its  business  while  maintaining  its  mission  statements.  I  am  highly  artistic,  adaptive  to  new
challenges and willing to relocate.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Photo Editor
Fashion  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2011 to 2011

2011
FunTimes Magazine, Philadelphia, PA
Primary photographer/photo editor on all monthly fashion spreads, involving communicating/booking/styling
models for shoots. In addition to interviews, producing written stories and designing layouts such as personal
profiles and reviews. Oversee the entire layout of the magazine as a whole.

Chief Editor
A Mach Moment  -  State College, PA - 2010 to 2011

Producer in pitching, writing, booking, styling, editing, photographing and designing of the book.

Receptionist/ Office Assistant
Office for Disability Services  -  State College, PA - 2007 to 2011

PR  position  involving  guiding  visitors  through  the  registration  process,  scheduling  appointments/meetings
for  students  and  staff.  Occasionally  resolved  issues  from  clients  under  pressure  and  lack  of  supervision/
assistance.

AWARD/AFFILIATIONS: Congressional Awards: Bronze, Silver and Gold Medalist
Fellowship Chair, Alpha Phi Omega, National Honor Service Fraternity
Dean's List, College of Communications & College of Arts and Architecture

Fashion Writer/Reporter
FunTimes Magazine  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2010 to 2010

Researched, wrote and designed articles and ads, attended and covered fashion shows, concerts and social
events to promote the magazine. Those interviewed included fashion designers, artists and priority guests.

Founder/Editor-in-chief
M]ASCULINE Magazine  -  State College, PA - 2009 to 2010

Wrote the proposal, advertised the brand and recruited members through informational meetings. Regulated
the magazine as a whole: Editorial, Art, Public Relations. Led assemblies with staff to discuss the production.

Assistant Creative Director
Valley Magazine  -  State College, PA - 2008 to 2009

Incorporated themes for fashion spreads while directing/managing photo shoots to correspond.

EDUCATION

Pennsylvania State University

B.A. in Print Journalism
College of Communications

B.A. in Integrative Arts
College of Arts and Architecture

SKILLS

General: Reporting, styling, public relations, customer service, creative writing, audio editing

LINKS

http://issuu.com/toan.mach/docs/1st_volume__print_compressed_

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS:
General: Reporting, styling, public relations, customer service, creative writing, audio editing
Programs: Adobe Photoshop/InDesign/Flash/Dreamweaver, Microsoft Office Suite/Publisher, QuarkXPress
Languages: Fluent in Vietnamese, advanced Cantonese, basic conversational Mandarin

