Walter Kellogg

Young, College Educated Leader

Pine Hill, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Walter-Kellogg/b4f9d6ee1b61b57d

To  obtain  an  entry-level  or  management  position  where  my  skills  and  training  can  be  utilized  as  well  as
enhanced.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Custodial Engineer
Cherry Hill Board of Education  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - September 2009 to Present

Serves  as  a  caretaker  and  working  with  maintenance,  cleaning,  and  care,  and  also  works  with  people,
especially young children.
* Follows directions and perform work duties with limited supervision, directly cleaning using soaps, chemicals,
waxes and the use of various machines.
* Maintains a remarkable ability to clean and care for assigned areas in an orderly condition and addresses
problems immediately to maintain a clean and healthy environment.
* Responsive to weather challenges when inclement weather strikes

Pool Equipment Operator
Pleasant Playground  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2007 to August 2008

Determined the size of the pump, filter, chemical feeder, piping, heater, and other related pool equipment that
are all dependent on the pool volume.
*  Obtained  extensive  knowledge  of  pool  filtration  system,  recirculation,  filtration,  disinfection,  and  other
equipment used to maintain pool water quality and clarity.
* Supervised crew of lifeguards to ensure day-to-day operation and safety of swimmers.
* Trained new employers so that they would become successful in their positions

Security Guard
Imperial Security Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2004 to August 2007

Responsible for remaining visible as a deterrent to criminals, thefts, damage and injuries that can be thwarted
when the perpetrators see a security guard.
* Performed access control at building entrances and vehicle gates to ensure employees and visitors display
proper passes or identification before entering the facility.
* Helped minimize theft in retail and merchandising stores by monitoring customer activity

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
Lincoln University of the Commonwealth Pennsylvania
2004 to 2009

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

*  Willing  to  learn  and  grow;  Passionate  about  achieving  a  challenging  position  that  allows  meaningful
contribution to a business's success.
* Has strong, successful work background, consistently producing results above employer expectation.

* Excellent communication, organization and time management skills. Strong multi-tasking abilities, needing
little or no supervision. Works well both independently and as a team member.
* Proficient in Windows 98/XP, Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Microsoft Works), and SAP
R/3.

INTERNSHIP

Academic Advising Center (A.C.T. 101), Lincoln University, PA August 2006- April 2007 Peer Counselor
* Provided individualized meetings with at-risk students and probationary students with resources that will
enhance their opportunity for academic success and facilitate their transition to college level work.
* Served as a positive role model for appropriate living behavior, and served as liaison between the Residence
Life Office and students as necessary.
* Helped advise students in educational aspects and assisted students on class scheduling

