Alex Win

Director and Producer - Artébone

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Alex-Win/9e5cbc09a835c2fa

I have 9+ years of video production and post-production experience. I am proficient and knowledgeable of
industry standard video, audio, and lighting equipment and techniques. I have produced and edited numerous
info-tainment videos and content for companies such as; Demand Media, Loreal, Home Depot, and Rachel
Ray.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Director and Producer
Artébone  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2008 to Present

Artébone is a media collective specializing in original video content for commercial clients and artists alike.
Directed and produced content for: SXSW Austin music showcase, Musa Fashion
Co. (Japan), Red Bull, PAU WAU Records, Wild Child, American Sharks, Gracie Brazilian
Jiu-Jitsu Academy, Alicia Keys, Fools Gold Records, Grande Marshall, GWAR, and many
more.

Senior Content Producer
Oogeewoogee.com  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2015 to January 2016

Responsible for producing and maintaining video content for the website and Facebook.
Collaborated with internal creative team and journalists to produce video, text and photo
content into meaningful digital stories. Supervised all aspects of video production from ideation to exporting.
Handled tasks of restructuring video and media workflow from scratch.
Managed the archiving of past video content for future access.

Video Producer and Technical Assistant
Artébone  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2011 to April 2014

Developed video pieces and concept strategies for internationally renowned artist Terry
Adkins. Responsible for archiving past video pieces and performances, video editing, and digital distribution
for exhibition in spaces such as Frieze Art Fair, Salon 94, Tate Modern,
Tang Museum, and other international institutions and galleries.

Freelance Editor and Jr. Producer
Artébone  -  Austin, TX - October 2010 to September 2011

Worked with senior producers to produce, edit, and distribute commercial video content and web series. Clients
included: Ehow, Livestrong, Loreal, Rachel Ray, Terminix, and Home
Depot. Assisted in creating massive archive of stock footage for commercial use.

EDUCATION

MFA
University of Pennsylvania - Philadelphia, PA
2011 to 2013

Bachelor of Fine Arts in Photography and Digital Media
University of Houston - Houston, TX
2004 to 2008

SKILLS

Adobe Premier Pro (5 years), After Effects (9 years), Final Cut Pro Professional Suite (10+ years), Adobe
Creative Suite (10+ years), Canon Mark iii (4 years), Red Epic 4k Camera (3 years), Experience in directing,
producing and editing video content for high-end clients (7 years)

LINKS

http://www.artebone.com

