Angelina Munoz

Scheduler coordinator - Alpine Homecare

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Angelina-Munoz/0289094498f0e946

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Scheduler coordinator
Alpine Homecare - April 2013 to Present

Understands and a established Alpine homecare policies and procedures.
Creates and maintains staff schedules.
Provides staffing for sick leave, vacation, long term leave.
Schedules client appointments/visits according to care plans and staff availability.
Enters scheduling data, creates schedules.
Contacts care providers and clients regarding day-to-day changes
. Discerns client services required as outlined in agreements, urgent requests and care plans.
Enters staff and client information into database
. Maintains staff and client database (e.g. CQA, dates and reminders of TB, client admission, client hospital
admission and discharge).
Maintains staff and client statistics, and reports.
Maintains call - in and retention report.
Performs general office duties including but not limited to word processing, photocopies, files, shreds, sort/
distributes mail, provides reception and telephone services.
Met with clients in their homes assessed the amount and type of care needed and assigned home health aids
based on applicable experience.
Coordinated schedules of home health aids with clients.
Coordinated community resources and support.
Provided individualized home care for each client.
Provided client status updates to both physicians and family members.

Scheduler coordinator
Advanced Nursing Care - March 2013 to April 2014

Understands and adheres to established Advanced Nursing Care policies and procedures.
Creates and maintains staff schedules.
Provides staffing for sick leave, vacation, long term leave.
Schedules client appointments/visits according to care plans and staff availability.
Enters scheduling data, creates schedules.
Contacts care providers and clients regarding day-to-day changes.
Discerns client services required as outlined in agreements, urgent requests and care plans.
Enters staff and client information into database.
Maintains staff and client database (e.g. CQA, dates and reminders of TB, client admission,
client hospital admission and discharge).
Maintains staff and client statistics, and reports.
. Maintains call - in and retention report.
. Performs general office duties including but not limited to word processing, photocopies,

files, shreds, sort/distributes mail, provides reception and telephone services
Assists in developing, organizing, implementing, evaluating, and directing nursing staffing schedules, policies,
and procedures.
Monitors and adjusts schedule to ensure compliance with staffing costs and budget requirements including
eliminating outside agency staff, on-staff overtime and breaches of the Nursing Department staffing policies.
Assists with making corrections/adjustments to time clock at direction of individual employees.
Maintains a positive working relationship with staff, clients, families, and other departments.
Maintains and monitors personnel files of nursing staff, forwarding file to human resource department when
employee terminates.
Follow established safety and infection control policies and procedures governing lifting techniques, repetitive
tasks,  hand  washing,  and  the  use  of  safety  equipment  and  supplies  to  prevent  work-related  injuries  and
illnesses.
Assure  optimum  work  performance  by  being  to  work  on  time,  as  scheduled,  and/or  providing  appropriate
advance notification.
Attend  and  participate  in  continuing  education  programs  designed  to  keep  you  abreast  of  changes  in  the
facility.
Performs other duties and special projects as assigned by supervisor.
● Fields and staffs new intake calls after business hours
● Staffs aide cancellations and other open shifts. (Responsible for staffing and follow up of any cancellations
or new cases received after 3:30pm)
● Answers incoming calls and contacts appropriate person as needed.
● Handles customer inquiries with appropriate information.
● Assists Direct Care Staff with personnel related problems.
● Monitors field staff call-offs and other violations of policy as needed.
● Documents any complaints received after hours.
● Answers phone calls within 15 minutes of message being left.
● Seeks advice from management on complex issues or major complaints.
● Maintains thorough on-call records.
● Communicates with field personnel, management, family, and agency representatives regarding the care
of our clients.
● Participates in in-service education, webinars and other meetings as needed.

Healthcare stat scheduler coordinator
Advanced Nursing Care - July 2013 to March 2014

Create a liaison between the HR department and other hiring departments
Contact candidates in order to commence work processes for hiring
Collect and analyze new employee demographic data
Correspond with new employees from initiation to hiring
Provide employees with information relevant to benefits, compensation and retirement
Update both candidates and employees of all procedures pertinent to hiring and post hiring
Perform paperwork associated with all processes within the process of hiring
Schedules  shifts  and  hours  by  matching  caregiver  qualifications  and  availability  to  clients  needs.
Communicates new assignments and/or schedule changes to caregivers and clients.
Processes  either  manually  or  via  computer,  the  data  necessary  to  initiate  accurate  payroll  and  billing
processes .Participates in on-call rotation as assigned (one week night and alternating weekends). Participates
in client case conferences as requested by immediate supervisor.
May assist with the input, verification, and release of billing and payroll information as well as the assembly
of data for financial purposes.
Computes wages and records data for use in payroll processing and competitive rate studies.

Works with Care Coordinators and Human Resources Coordinators to assist in resolution of employees staffing
issues.
Represents the Company in a professional, ethical and reputable manner at all times and pursues and supports
all actions necessary for Company to maintain its non-union status.
This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. The employee will be expected to perform other reason
ON Call 7 days a week also for nursing homes staffing lpn to assist the patient at the nursing home

Administrative Assistant Net Corporation
Montgomery, PA - May 2012 to July 2013

Over  2  years  of  secretarial  and  clerical  experience  in  fast  paced  environments  Highly  skilled  in  greeting
customers and answering phone calls In-depth knowledge of maintaining paper and electronic filing systems
for records and messages Hands-on experience in routing and distributing incoming manual mail and email
Track  record  of  answering  everyday  letters  and  email  Able  to  correct  spelling  and  grammar  to  ensure
accurateness Demonstrated ability to operate fax machines, copiers, videoconferencing and phone systems,
and other office tools Proven ability to make use of computers for spreadsheet, word processing, database
management, and additional applications Thorough understanding to complete forms in keeping with company
procedures MS Office Suite.

Receptionist
NBD Recordings  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2010 to February 2012

Solid computer skills and proven ability to plan and organize tasks and responsibilities efficiently. Recognized
for accuracy,
Attention to detail and strong work ethic.
Proven strong interpersonal and communication skills.
Excelled  in  the  role  of  frontline  receptionist  handling  multiple  functions  including  customer  queries,
administrative  tasks  and  information  monitoring.  Enjoyed  meeting  the  challenges  of  a  high  stress  work
environment  and  successfully  maintained  an  efficient  and  effective  reception  service.  Over  two  years'
experience running a busy reception area and successfully interacting with a diverse and demanding group
of people.
An  excellent  track  record  of  efficiency  and  effectiveness  in  managing  communications  and  customer
relationships.
An independent worker with proven computer competency, strong communication skills and ability to organize
and plan

House Keeping Sheraton Hotel Philadelphia Philadelphia International
Philadelphia, PA - May 2010 to May 2011

Wash the bathrooms tubs, scrubs toilets, walls and floors.
● Vacuums all carpets, fold Sheets, mops any bare floor after vacuuming.
● Dusts and polishes furniture's and glass surfaces.
● Cleans all window sills.
● pick up all our cutter.
● Our toilets are always clean and every other day I add some Fabuloso and swish it around and make sure
under the seat is clean too.
● I make absolutely sure she does not clean after any person in particular.

Retail Store Manager
Dr. Denim  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2007 to April 2010

Job duty oversaw all operations of successful retail facility, performed Inventory control, payroll and personnel
management, up sale of product and services lines, and provided stellar customer service initiatives.

● Managed shift Schedules, chemical orders, auto detail quality assurance practices, and personnel morale.
● Oversee store opening and closing procedures.
● Direct sales floor activities, assist customers and address customer concerns.
● Input data to prepare dally sales reports and regularly use weekly and monthly data to develop sales and
promotional strategies.
● Hire, train, and coordinate a staff of 26.
● Work with Spinner corporate colleagues as well as record company professionals to develop local marketing
and advertising strategies, supplementing national campaigns.

Retail Store Manager Unica Clothing
Philadelphia, PA - September 2005 to May 2007

- Philadelphia

● Job duty Credential Managed team Redesigned ladies fashion floor layout, resulting in a more attractive
store and a 300 per cent increase in customer traffic Manage inventories Order raw materials and supplies
in order to meet customer demands Drive sales and maximize profit Manage rosters Work with department
manager to ensure budgets are met Maintain a clean and safe workplace environment and ensure OH&S
standards are met Ensure quality and consistency of finished product.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma in physical
Northeast High School - Philadelphia, PA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills
Experienced nursing professional with a strong Home Care Coordinator background and extensive work with
geriatric post-surgery and disabled clients.Knowledge of all aspects of home care including hospice home
medical equipment patient assist devices and home care reimbursement.Able to deal with difficult or sensitive
situations in person or on the phone.

