Annique Bostick

Fashion Stylist - Styles by E

Willingboro, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Annique-Bostick/18621192b7dd16c9

Talented and motivated fashion enthusiast with the ability to style looks creatively and efficiently. Seeks position
that allows not only the full utilization of creativity regarding clothing, style choice and self-expression, but also
the constant growth and grooming of skills obtained through experience.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Fashion Stylist
Styles by E - July 2013 to Present

Study the current and upcoming trends and fashions via internet, televised, and printed media.
• Blends different style aesthetics (edgy, soft, conservative) in order to bring forth new looks to present to clients
• Creates complete looks daily for viewing via online lookbook and styling blog.
• Schedules and performs consultations with clients in reference to wardrobe and makeup for particular events
or daily life (loosely to moderately based on their preferred style aesthetic and body types).

Management Trainee
Enterprise Holdings  -  Sebring, FL

Responsibilities
Customer service! 
Answer phones promptly, professionally and pleasantly.
Greet each customer with a pleasant demeanor
Conducted money transactions via credit/debit/money order or cash
Organized cars according to reservations
Create reservations
Collect insurance payments along with corporate account payments to keep bad debt in order
Sustain relationships with dealerships, service shops and insurance companies to maintain business
Train new coworkers
Handle difficult situations such as missing cars, outstanding balances and disgrubtled customers daily

Accomplishments
I impact the income per branch along with the customer service arena. With up-selling and selling protection
packages I am not only making sure the customer is having a rental experience they can consider completely
satisfactory, I am also contributing to the total additional revenue being attributed to the branch. I am pleasant
and efficient so there is no confusion and I make the customer feel as though it is MORE than a transaction,
but more so an interaction.

Skills Used
Customer service skills, communication, computer literacy, leadership skills, organizational skills, logic and
problem solving capabilites

Beauty Advisor
ULTA Beauty  -  Sebring, FL - October 2015 to January 2016

Responsibilities
Greeted customers promptly and pleasantly 

Assisted customers with any beauty related questions
Demonstrated product samplings and color matchings
Conducted transactions at the register
Encouraged many customers to obtain a loyalty card for future purchases
Organized the cash warp
Stocked when needed
Helped maintain a presentable and visibly appealing store

Accomplishments
I impacted sales with my up selling techniques and impacted the overall emotional tone of the store with my
outgoing and friendly personality 

Skills Used
Communication and oral proficiency, leadership abilities, product knowledge and application knowledge and
CUSTOMER SERVICE!

Sales Associate
Express Clothing - September 2011 to July 2012

Full study of the Express Brand Guide and printed and televised media to gain knowledge of current trends
and fashions.
• Assists the visual director in the organization of store merchandise according to the Express Brand Guide aid.
• Contributes to the sale of merchandise through "dressing" the fitting room doors with full outfits.
• Aids customers in the process of building outfits; offers advice on fit and shape of clothing on customer along
with responding to inquiries regarding fashion advice, clothing location and merchandise pricing.
• Greets the customer upon entering the store, offering assistance in whatever they might need: color and size
retrieval, placing items on hold, etc.
• Understanding of not only the customer's needs but, the customer in general, aiding in the selling process
(suggestion of merchandise and how in which to wear the merchandise suggested)
• Informs customers about store lines of credit and through grained knowledge opens customer credit cards.
• Handles monetary transactions at the register and ultimately provides the best customer service experience
possible.

Peer Counselor
Rutgers University Office of Financial Aid - October 2007 to May 2011

Aided  in  the  expedition  of  financial  aid  processing  through  assisting  financial  aid  counselors  with  the
organization of student/parent files and inquiry reports.
• Used computers and data entry systems frequently in order to access, enter and retrieve student information.
•  Interacted  with  students  and  parents  regularly  via  telephone  and  in-person  in  effort  to  alleviate  issues
regarding financial aid information.
• Used specialized anger-reduction training to minimize confrontation with students and families regarding
missing paperwork or discrepancies within their financial aid files.
• Used creative skills and artistic abilities in the assistance of the head clerk with special creative projects in
order to get enthusiastic participation from co-workers.

SKILLS:
Fashion  and  Style  Savviness,  Assertive  and  Comprehensible  Oral  Proficiency,  Expertise  in  Creative
Thought and Processing, Excellent-Rate Customer Service and Interpersonal Skills, Full Leadership Qualities
(Focus, Diligence, Motivation and Willingness to learn), Microsoft Office Competence (Specializing in Word,
Powerpoint and Works)

EDUCATION

Bachelors of Arts in Psychology
Rutgers University - New Brunswick, NJ
May 2011

LINKS

http://lookbook.nu/addicted2fabrikz

