Edward Spinelli

Program Coordinator

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Edward-Spinelli/9c425f9e660e6db4

WORK EXPERIENCE

Program Coordinator
THE PHILADELPHIA REAL ESTATE COUNCIL  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2015 to April 2016

Planned formal quarterly meetings, Board of Directors meetings, and annual golf outing for highranking
executives in the MidAtlantic Commercial Real Estate Sector.
● Coordinated with the organization's roster of over fifty membercompanies to ensure all accounts were kept
up to date and that all annual dues were paid in a timely fashion.
● Maintained organization's webpage by creating new member user names and passwords, updating public
member roster, and creating marketing material for upcoming events via scheduled mass emails.

Executive Assistant
THE PHILADELPHIA REAL ESTATE COUNCIL  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2015 to April 2016

Arranged meetings, performed personal tasks, and completed administrative responsibilities on behalf of
Founder and Managing Partner, Andrew Benioff.
● Acted as unofficial IT support for office by providing computer troubleshooting to company directors and by
designing layout for Ethernet and WiFi utilities upon move to new office space.
● Managed office needs including conference room scheduling, multiline phone system configuration, and
paper/food supply orders.

Webmaster and Event Coordinator
THE PHILADELPHIA REAL ESTATE COUNCIL  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2015 to April 2016

Designed  Wordpress  pages  and  arranged  programming  content  on  website  for  Independent  Lodging
Congress, a nonbrand hotel and lodging conference held annually in New York City.
●  Implemented  new  method  for  event  registration  in  response  to  complaints  and  feedback  resulting  from
postevent survey from 2015's conference.
● Corresponded with event speakers and their assistants to arrange over a dozen separate conference calls,

each with 6 to 8 required participants, to plan event panels, topics, and programming.

Audio Production Intern
PHILADELPHIA POST  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2014 to April 2015

Collaboratively produced foley and sound effects for film and television projects, including a feature length
independent film and documentary.
● Performed front desk reception and provided client services for producers, directors, and voiceover talent.

Studio Intern
WILD WOODS, INC  -  Los Angeles, CA - January 2013 to September 2013

Oversaw media archival, created spreadsheet database for catalogue of archived productions.
● Assisted with reception desk, including intake and distribution of source materials for clients and producers.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Music Industry
DREXEL UNIVERSITY - Philadelphia, PA
June 2014

