Elliot Tate

Recruiter

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Elliot-Tate/41b509218c26a45c

• Excellent written and verbal communication skills
• Sales experience
• Negotiation skills
• High attention to detail
• Quick learner and able to implement new concepts efficiently
• Provides an advanced level of customer service in a call center
• Able to meet deadlines in a fast paced environment
• Proficient with Microsoft Office suite
• Works well in a team oriented environment
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Technical Recruiter
The United Solutions Group, Inc.  -  Willow Grove, PA - July 2015 to April 2016

Screen and submit potential candidates for technical roles in the public sector
Manage multiple job requisitions in a timely manner
Add qualified candidates into the applicant tracking system
Negotiate rates to meet and exceed margin percentages

Skills Used
Recruiting, Sourcing, Talent Acquisition, Applicant Tracking Systems, Negotiation

Inbound Sales Specialist (Contractor)
Wells Fargo via Robert Half International  -  Chester, PA - September 2014 to December 2014

Responsibilities
Handle incoming calls from customers looking to finance or refinance auto loans
Sell additional packages to customers such as GAP coverage and ACH payments
Place outbound calls to follow up with customers regarding the status of their loans

Skills Used
Sales
Account Management
Customer Relationship Management

Account Manager
SIMM Associates  -  Newark, DE - October 2013 to September 2014

Responsibilities
Collected on 30-day delinquent accounts.
Communicate with debtors in regards to the repayment of their delinquent debt.
Negotiate arrangements to ensure that accounts are in good standing.

Skills Used

Account Managment
Customer Service
Negotiation

Provider Claims Service Representative
Keystone Mercy Health Plan  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2011 to September 2012

Achieved a 98% claim quality score in March 2012.
Achieved a 100% claim quality score in April 2012
Answers incoming calls regarding claim status and claim payment. 
Researched and analyzed complex claims in a timely manner 
Adjusted claims that were processed incorrectly by the claims processing department

Recovery Specialist
Phillips & Cohen Associates - February 2008 to September 2009

• Recovery Specialist of the Month: November 2008.
• Achieved Gold level All-Star status 1st Quarter 2009.
• Able to thrive in a production driven environment
• Able to identity discrepancies and work to a solution
• Efficiently communicated with state property assessment and probate court departments.

Customer Service Representative
Bernard Personnel  -  Wilmington, DE - October 2007 to November 2007

• Responsible for processing customer orders in a timely fashion
• Consulted customers on products that fit the customer's needs
• Accurately entered customer information

Various Positions
Wilmington College  -  New Castle, DE - October 2005 to September 2007

• Assisted students in the Graduate Center bookstore with purchasing items.
• Verified checks and processed credit card purchases.
• Interacted with and improved students' proficiency in Microsoft Office in the computer lab.
• Improved student's knowledge and in Wilmington College's Blackboard system.
• Organized incoming employee handbooks for orientation in the Human Resource department.
• Inputted data for prospective employees on Microsoft Excel.
• Assisted students at Brookside Elementary in reading books that matched their reading level.
• Improved student's reading comprehension, helped students practice their vocabulary

EDUCATION

B.S. in Marketing
Wilmington University
January 2007

SKILLS

Sales, Marketing, Customer Service, Account Management (2 years), Collections (2 years), Negotiation (3
years), Recruiting (Less than 1 year), Call Center (3 years), MS Office (10+ years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Volunteering Experience

Restoration World Outreach April 2011 – October 2013
Lead Assistant on the Communications Team
Promotes events through social media channels

Sunday Breakfast Mission March 2011 - August 2011

Prepare meals in the kitchen
Wash dishes
Set up and break down tables after breakfast

