Ilya Lapidus

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ilya-Lapidus/519b4db2782096da

WORK EXPERIENCE

Property Manager
Anchor Realty NE  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2015 to May 2016

Oversee operations and manage multi and single unit properties for multiple landlords. Coordinate with tenants,
contractors, government assistance programs, city inspection departments, and local utility companies when
needed. Advise tenants and owners on how to best handle certain legal and general situations. Maintain close
watch to property, tenant, and owner accounts and cash flow on a day-to-day basis.

➢ Managing over 300 units.
➢ Operate as an agent on behalf of over 50 home owners.
➢ Collect payments from tenants for rent and arrears.
➢ Work closely with an attorney to file evictions against non-paying tenants.
➢  Receive  and  handle  maintenance  requests  to  ensure  work  is  done  properly  and  completed  in  a  timely
fashion.
➢ Assist with obtaining legal documents for clients.
➢  Perform  general  office  duties  such  as  filing,  creating  and  organizing  computer  files,  answering  multiple
phone calls, etc.

Connection Sales Consultant
Best Buy  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2014 to July 2015

Working as part of a team to sell a broad range of mobile products and services using a structured approach.
Responsible for building profitable customer relationships leveraging Best Buys full range of products, services,
solutions, and channels. Works closely with all departments in store. Adept at technology sales, customer
service and up selling warranty packages for large ticket items. Specializes in holiday sales promotions and
computer-based product sales.

➢ Helping existing as well as new customers in the purchase and selection of services and products
➢  Communicated  with  customers  effectively  providing  them  information  regarding  products,  services,
equipment usage, billing procedures and feature functionality
➢ Maintained clean retail work area
➢ Responsible for sales in the computer-based products department.
➢ Assisted in putting inventory on the sales floor shelves and setting up marketing displays.
➢ Experienced in mobile and home connections

Senior Game Advisor, Promotion
Game Stop  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2012 to 2014

Act as supervisor on the floor as well as in charge of being the stores key holder. Opening and closing of stores
policy and procedures. Count balance and reconcile daily business transactions and record information into
POS. Assists with the daily counts of the register. Drop off income to the bank at the end of the night. Assist
with managers to ensure store is ran properly. Assists managers with stock and supervises the work flow of
game advisors. Plans organize and delegate tasks to game advisors.

➢ Train new employees

➢ Make bank deposits
➢ Process trade-ins
➢ Operate cash register
➢ Handle problems with products, process shipments and place product on floor
➢ Handle customer services issues
➢ Assist the store manager with managerial duties
➢ Assist in midnight launch events and other responsibilities as assigned

Game Advisor
Game Stop  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2011 to 2012

Courteously greet customers and efficiently process transactions within a busy, fast-paced retail environment.
Operate cash register, scanners and computers to itemize and total customer purchases; collect payments
and make change for cash transactions; as well as balance drawer at the end of each shift. Assist with store
stocking, floor-sets and opening/closing procedures. Substantial experience in providing Game Stop advisory
services. Wide knowledge of retail sales and management fundamentals as well as solid understanding of all
video game functioning and usage. Proficient with basic computer applications and software.
➢ Responded to incoming telephone calls and email communication
➢ Provided with good products for sale purpose as per customer needs
➢ Resolved to comments and queries of customers with immediate action
➢ Assisted customers in production selection and usage stages
➢ Prepared processed transaction records on timely basis
➢ Communicated sales strategies and packages to each customer
➢ Developed new special promotions, subscriptions and reservations
➢ Performed authorization of transactions and policy decisions in proper manner

EDUCATION

High School Diploma in TECHNOLOGY
NORTHEAST HIGH SCHOOL - Philadelphia, PA
2011

