Jhirae Talmadge

Fashion Tech Specialist - SusheandShrimp.com

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jhirae-Talmadge/ce1a6c07a97b1b5a

Highly  accomplished  business  professional  with  11  years  of  exceptional  experience.  Utilizing  exemplary
management, analytical, organizational, and interpersonal skills. Consistently achieves outstanding results in
challenging environments. Building and maintaining strong, loyal relations with both clients and colleagues.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Fashion Tech Specialist
SusheandShrimp.com  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2015 to Present

Manage a women's contemporary online retailer's daily operations. Attending quarterly New York and Las
Vegas trade shows and establishing relationships with brands for product resale. Uploading new product and
inventory  to  company's  website  biweekly.  Maintain  quality  customer  service  by  responding  to  email  order
inquires. Communicate with customers during order process, making sure all U.S. and International orders are
processed and delivered on time. Manage company's social media accounts, blog and daily newsletter.

Patient Access Representative
University of Pennsylvania  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2012 to May 2015

Centralized  contact  point  for  all  communications  and  administrative  inquiries  posed  by  healthcare
professionals,  doctors  and  patients.  Coordinate  and  schedule  outpatient  procedures  for  over  50  providers
in  various  locations  across  the  region.  Provided  a  high  level  of  customer  service  and  client  relations.
Answering  busy  multi-line  phone  system,  coordinating  physician's  schedules  with  patients,  and  providing
detailed information for various procedures. Proficient in Epic software applications.

Estee Lauder- Beauty Advisor
Boscov's  -  Salisbury, MD - June 2008 to March 2009

Provided beauty tips and skin care product knowledge. Awarded as best seller in the region. Build clientele
by  recruiting  new  customer's  daily,  performing  makeovers  and  cosmetic  tutorials.  Maintained  excellent
relationships with establish customers, keeping them updated with all promotions and gift events.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Business
University of Maryland Eastern Shore - Princess Anne, MD
May 2012

Business Administration
University of Maryland Eastern Shore

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills

•Accounting
•Office Management

•Microsoft Office

•Project Coordination
•Customer Relations
•Outlook

•Purchasing
•Marketing
•Staff Training/Development

