Jozie Straubmuller

Office Assistant

Franklinville, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jozie-Straubmuller/507d0d469493d1ba

Dedicated and focused receptionist who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and
following through to achieve project goals. Seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority.

Highlights
Microsoft Office proficiency Time management
Excel spreadsheets Professional and mature
Meticulous attention to detail Dedicated team player
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Receptionist
Siganos Management Inc  -  Northfield, NJ - December 2015 to February 2016

Responsibilities
Made  copies,  sent  faxes  and  handled  all  incoming  and  outgoing  correspondence.  Organized  files,  faxed
reports and scanned documents Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to
telephone and in-person requests for information. Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and
organized fashion. Organized files, faxed reports and scanned documents. Received and distributed faxes
and mail in a timely manner.

Skills Used
Proficiency in Microsoft programs. Answering a multi-line phone. Being able to work under a time frame and
stress.

Office Assistant
Four Seasons Garden Center  -  Mullica Hill, NJ - February 2014 to July 2014

Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests
for information. Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files. Maintained the
front desk and
reception area in a neat and organized fashion. Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing
correspondence. Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents. Managed
the day-to-day calendar for the company's senior director.

Receptionist
America's Best  -  Sewell, NJ - July 2013 to October 2013

Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests
for information. Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion. Made copies,
sent faxes and
handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence. Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports
and scanned documents. Received and distributed faxes and mail in a timely manner.

Hostess/Barista
Larry's II  -  Vineland, NJ - July 2012 to January 2013

Managed daily office operations and maintenance of equipment. Maintained the front desk and reception area
in a neat and organized fashion. Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding
to telephone and in-person requests for information. Greeted visitors and handled all their needs in a timely
fashion.

Store Associate
Key Holder - November 2010 to June 2012

Things Remembered - Vineland, NJ
Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion. Help customers with what they
were
looking  for  and  completed  orders  in  a  timely  manner.  Handled  opening  and  closing  the  store,  along  with
deposits.

EDUCATION

General
Delsea Regional High School - Franklinville, NJ
2011

