Lisa Pritchard

Wynnewood, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Lisa-Pritchard/f2cb6174dcf59ef1

Experienced Management Professional with strong leadership skills. Ability to initiate projects and problem
solve creatively while improving operations and customer service across all industries. Have a reputation to be
driven, passionate about customer service excellence, sales, detailed orientated, while executing processes
and accomplishing goals. Exceptional interpersonal, communication as well as verbal and written skills.
.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sales Associate, Fashion Jewelry and Watches
Nordstrom  -  King of Prussia, PA - 2014 to Present

Maintain a fashionable and professional image as a customer service role model.
• Consistently seek new fashion and product knowledge to act as an expert for the customer
•  Search  for  innovative  ways  to  increase  business  through  use  of  Personal  Book,  store  traffic,  customer
referrals, website requests and personal networking
• Provide expertise and honest confident feedback regarding merchandise style and fit.
•  Use  directive  selling  skills  through  cross,  team  and  on-line  selling  to  maximize  the  customer's  wardrobe
needs.
• Build lasting relationships by contacting customers to follow up on purchases, suggest new merchandise and
invite them to upcoming store events.
• Set and achieve personal daily, monthly, yearly and special event goals.

Program Manager
Penn Medicine and The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2012 to February
2014

07/2012 - 02 /2014
Philadelphia Adult Congenital Heart Center, Department of Cardio Vascular Medicine
Program Manager
* Developed and executed strategic plans accomplishing an increase of 10% patient referrals and transition
of care by introducing the program to primary care physicians and area cardiologists.
* Improved the overall operational systems putting processes into place allowing team members and patient
care to become seamless.
* Assist in the management and the relationship between Philadelphia Adult Congenital Heart Center and
stakeholders to promote effective multidisciplinary care.
* Cultivate a culture of high performance and customer service by communicating the overall patient experience
and expectations through building patient relationships, and marketing materials.
* Reduced no show visits, by 5 % standardizing confirming appointments and verification of insurance pre
certification.
* Collaborated with outreach programs, events and websites with Penn and CHOP marketing teams to build
awareness of the program.
* Managed administrative staff and operations to ensure a smooth workflow.

Associate Director of Access and Clinical Operations
Penn Medicine - January 2001 to June 2012

Managed operations for the main ophthalmology site as well as two smaller locations.

* Assisted the Director of Operations in short and long term goals to ensure financial and operational success.
* Led the project implementation of a major access initiative related to conversion of clinical scheduling from
a 23 plus year mature environment to a Windows based integrated system that impacts daily operations and
revenue generation.
*  Managed  the  team  of  thirty  plus  physician  administrative  assistants,  front  desk  associates,  surgical
schedulers and medical record associates for the department.
* Collaborated with physicians and administration to achieve positive patient outcomes with respect to problem
solving to improve overall patient satisfaction experience.
*  Increased  overall  patient  satisfaction  20%  by  empowering  associates  to  anticipate  patients'  needs  and
expectations.
* Expanding patient appointment availability by collaborating with physicians in adjusting daily schedules to
the needs of the patients.
* Assisted with the initial project implementation of converting paper medical records to electronic medical
records  September  2010.  This  led  to  greater  efficiency  in  documentation  and  billing  and  a  20%  reduction
needed in medical records personnel.
* Continually educated staff on Electronic Medical Records so that they may be efficient and fluent in the
process.
*  Conducted  interviews,  recruiting  and  selecting  employees  for  front  desk,  administrative  assistants  and
medical record positions.
* Facilitated the capture of physician and technical charges for the department. Educated front desk staff and
Administrative assistants.
*  Responsible  for  developing,  implementing  and  quality  assurance  of  scheduling  protocols,  policies,
procedures, and processes for daily schedule changes for each provider.
*  Partnered  with  the  call  center  team  to  educate  and  strengthen  their  knowledge  of  each  sub-specialty  in
ophthalmology.
* In conjunction with Director of Health Information Management organized the development, implementation,
and  maintenance  of  record  handling  protocols,  policies,  and  procedures  to  ensure  efficient  processing  of
information.

Manager of Refractive Services
Penn Medicine - July 1999 to January 2008

Initiated the execution and operation of the Vision Surgery and Laser Center at Penn Eye Care,
October 1999. * Designed and implemented a sales process in which the client is provided with an excellent
service experience throughout the refractive surgery process. Reached a goal of 90% refractive surgery patient
conversion. Built relationships with patients by answering all of their questions and anticipating their needs so
that our practice grew by positive word of mouth experience.
* Managed the financial and revenue operations of refractive surgery by meeting target numbers of 30 surgeries
per month and a goal of 95% of 20/40 vision or better.
*  Collaborated  with  marketing  to  establish  brand  name,  educational  materials  and  trends  in  the  refractive
surgery market.

Business Manager
Eye Physicians Management Corporation - January 1999 to July 1999

Managed the financial operations of Eye Physicians Management
* Directed and operated a buying group for ophthalmic products such as frames, lenses, and contact lenses
for a group of physicians participating in the network.
* Generated monthly invoices and collected account receivables.
* Performed optical consulting through out the physician network.

General Manager, Retail Manager Assistant Retail Manager

LensCrafters, Luxottica Group - December 1987 to January 1999

Responsible for the operations and sales of two million dollar store and the production of quality
eyewear, while maintaining high productivity level, achieving budgetary goals.
*  Assisted  in  opening  of  four  stores  in  the  Philadelphia  area  by  hiring,  training,  setting  up  inventory  and
operations.
* Analyzed productivity, encounters per hour, and quality of eye wear. Managed and forecasted sales,
inventory, and staffing.
* Planned and organized monthly store budgets.
* Regional lead trainer for a computer scheduling system that would schedule associates by trends of sales and
productivity rather than when employees were available. This led to a 20% increase of customer satisfaction.
* Positive profit and loss statements were achieved for the store on a monthly basis allowing bonus metric
goals to be reached on a semiannual basis.
* Set goals and strategic plans with team members looking at overall outcomes and trends.
* Developed creative displays and merchandising products for sales floor.
* Foster business-to-business relationship with local ophthalmologists to build awareness of our products and
to increase sales.

EDUCATION

Management
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA

B S in Design and Merchandising
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

COMPUTER SKILLS:
Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point & Outlook, POS Systems, IDX, EPIC EMR, and APM.

