Lisa Miller

Owner / Operator - Divali Fashion House

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Lisa-Miller/9a87cd91bc72d381

WORK EXPERIENCE

Owner / Operator
Divali Fashion House - January 2007 to Present

I  own  and  operate  a  new  emerging  clothing  line  that  mixes  High  fashion  couture  and  urban  ready-wear.
Research  new  trends,  colors,  designs,  and  fabrics  for  the  coming  seasons  as  well  as  distributors,  and
merchandisers  in  preperation  for  the  growth  of  the  company,  and  being  placed  in  stores  in  the  tri-state
area. Hand sketch and digital drafting of complete collections. Create clothing samples of the digital drafts
and sketches. Taking the process from pre-production to retail ready items. Take custom t-shirt orders for
businesses and events or functions of any occasion. I also manage company records and finances as well as
social media marketing. Personally attending vendor events, fashion shows, trunk shows, and casting calls
for promotion and selling of items.

Account Manager
SIMM Associates, Inc  -  Newark, DE - March 2015 to December 2015

Responsibilities
Inbound/outbound call center for 3rd party collections. I was responsible for several different clients ranging
from  probate  and  student  school  fees  to  traffic  tickets  and  fines  in  other  states.  I  was  required  to  locate
the  debtor  or  attorney/executor  of  estates  by  skip  tracing  and  checking  for  new  information.  Working  with
well known program and programs specifically designed for the company to update and maintain account
information. I utilized negotiating skills, empathy, and education in effort to obtain payments, settlements, and/
or payment arrangements

Customer Service Representative
Bank Of America  -  Newark, DE - March 2014 to September 2014

Responsibilities
Inbound call center. Receive calls frim clients with assets in the bank worth over 250,000.00. Answer question
about account information and false charges. File fraud reprts for clients in effort to keep them from paying
for fraudulent charges. Assists consumer with upgrading, adding, changing, or closing credit card accounts.
Reissue new cards for those who may have misplaced or had a card stolen. Verify charges and hold placed
on accounts due to suspicious charges. Set travel flags and notifications on accounts in effort to keep down
declines while cardholders travel outside of normal spending areas

billing rep
Comcast - October 2011 to January 2013

Billing CAE
Receive  inbound  calls  in  reference  to  billing  problems  and  cable  trouble  shooting.  Review  bill  and  make
adjustment and payment arrangements for customers behind on their bills. Go over discrepancies and incorrect
charges and make necessary changes. Up-sell customer into more products such as internet and phone. Solve
customer complaints due to late technicians and poor customer service and other numerous issues. Make
outbound calls to follow up on account issues to make sure they were resolved. Set up service calls and send
out techs to make changes for customer accounts. Contact dispatch to get eta for techs that are late or have
possibly missed an appointment.

*  Always  met  and  exceeded  daily  goals  and  expectations  for  sales  and  requirements  and  high  scores  for
customer satisfaction

telesales
Burns & McBride - January 2011 to October 2011

01/25/2011
02/16/2011 Temporary Telesales
I made outbound calls to previous clients, in effort to have them return to our company for oil service. Using
scripts and special offers to explain the benefits of returning to Marts Oil versus the benefits of the competitors.
utilizing Microsoft excel spread sheets to note the account, and Unix to review the previous notes. We also
worked multiple campaigns to achieve the maximum number of returning customers possible.
* Within 3 weeks I resigned 3 customers, an average of one a week.

collections
Barclay Card / Entech consulting - January 2010 to January 2011

01/20/2010
02/28/2010 Temporary Collections
This was an inbound outbound 1st party call center. I was responsible for attempting to collect 200 accounts in
a queue ran through a dialer for automatic call, as well as 200 account I worked manually all stage 1 past due
accounts. This included skip tracing, cold calling new numbers, and updating old information. I was responsible
for an individual and team goal with the possibility of a bonus for meeting and/or exceeding those goals.
* My first week on the floor I won a contest for the most money brought in, after collecting a $20,000.00 past
due balance in full.

EDUCATION

G.E.D
Delaware Tech - Wilmington, DE
2006 to 2006

SKILLS

Negotiating, multi-tasking, leadership, phone etiquette, excellent customer service, organization, number
crunching, Strong computer skills, fast learner, team player, positive self-starting, and self motivating.

