Nicole Rechner

Senior Regional Administrative Services Manager - ABM Onsite Services

Springfield, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nicole-Rechner/b23da3ec5d231e15

Highly effective Management Professional with 20+ years of proven cross-functional leadership experience
in  Financial  Administration  &  Human  Resources.  Strengths  include  identifying  the  cost/benefit  potential
of  programs/initiatives  and  effectively  communicating  fiscal  impact  to  both  front  line  managers  and  C-
Level  Executives.  Results  oriented  business  partner  with  the  talent  to  impact  bottom  line  by  initiating
change and ensuring best practices are followed across multiple business units. Exceptional analytical skills
and  outstanding  communications  skills  combine  to  offer  multi-faceted  HR  and  Organizational  Leadership
mentoring.

What sets me apart is my ability to be systematic and analytical in reporting and analyzing financials, yet I still
possess impeccable communication skills to report back on financial impacts both internally & externally. My
strong points are all too often mutually exclusive of each other in many individuals. However, possessing both
characteristics affords me the ability to discuss financials with multiple levels of an organization's management
team in such a manner that each audience can understand exactly how their department can more effectively
impact their bottom-line.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Regional Administrative Services Manager
ABM Onsite Services - 2007 to Present

Ensure effective and successful regional HR & Financial Administration processes for $72M Northeast Division.
Reports to RVP & Controller regarding monthly P&L analysis/reporting, monthly closing and journal entries.
Manages  processes  and  staff  for  HR,  Finance,  and  Recruiting.  Provide  direction,  guidance  and  support
to  designated  branch  &  regional  staff  members  regarding  financial  and  HR  procedures.  Maintain  effective
communication with Managers, RVP, and Controller regarding the fulfillment of business objectives. Ensure
that all required financial & SOX reports are completed and submitted in a timely fashion. Formulates annual
$72M budget for region; across multiple branches for Northeast corridor.

Philadelphia Region - Branch Manager
ABM Onsite Services - 2003 to 2007

Client  contact/sales/relationship  manager  for  $16M  branch  operations.  Formulates  and  presents  a  $16M
budget for Philadelphia branch. Critically reviews monthly financial statements, hiring, and budgets, inclusive of
OT, labor, and overall profitability. Preparation, pricing, and presentation of any/all RFP or RFQ's for increased
business.

Business & HR Administration Manager
ABM Onsite Services - 2001 to 2003

Responsible for the monthly analysis of operational expense control. This includes costs related to overtime,
labor, expense control, hiring, and overall P&L management.

• Human Resources/Accounting Specialist (see below - Foulke Associates acquisition)
◦ Payroll, AP, AR, Billing, Administration of financial and HR related polices and procedures.

Compensation Analyst/HR Generalist
Plymouth Meeting, PA - 2000 to 2001

Job  description  analysis  and  re-leveling  of  Job  Grades;  Compensation  survey  participation  and  analysis;
administer yearly performance reviews, and Merit Increases.
◦ Recruitment, interviewing, and hiring for various departments; Design and implementation of company-wide
recruitment programs and initiatives; Implement sound HR policies and practices. Liaison between employees
and C-Level Executives on HR related legal and regulatory issues.

Compensation Analyst
PriceWaterhouseCoopers, LLP  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1999 to 2000

Market assessment, job evaluation, and development of job descriptions
◦ Analysis of compensation practices to ensure FLSA compliance of clients
◦ Preparation of Position Information Questionnaires
◦ Internet research of Compensation trends
◦ Organization/Analysis of survey data of national salary ranges for benchmark positions

HR Generalist/Accounting Associate
Foulke Associates  -  Media, PA - 1995 to 1999

see current employer above - company acquired by ABM)
◦ Payroll, AP, AR, Billing, Administration of financial and HR related policies and procedures.

SYSTEMS/COMPETENCIES
• JDE 9.1 (ERP)
• BI Reporting/Oracle
• Insight Software
• MS Office and MS Excel (formula, pivot tables, Vlookup tables, advanced level)
• ARM/WFM (Workforce Management - budgeting software)
• Budgeting, Trend Analysis, Profitability Reporting & Analytics
• Valiant/Vision (HR, Payroll, Billing, Scheduling/Reporting)

EDUCATION

MA in I/O Psychology/Business Management
West Chester University
2000

BA in Psychology
Neumann University
1998

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

EXPERTISE
• 20+ years' experience in all facets of Human Resources/Financial Administration/Business Management.
Financial Analysis HR Generalist Organizational Leadership Annual Budgeting
Accounting Lifecycle Training/Development Compensation/Recruitment SOX Compliance
Expense Reduction Trend Analysis Process/Procedure Design Financial Closings

• Remarkable analytical skills and exceptional communication skills

• Proven cross-functional leadership experience in financial management at Fortune 500/Big 5.
• Bottom-line driven with ability to prioritize multiple projects simultaneously
• Impeccable presentation & training skills for both internal and external clients
• Keen ability to identify cost/benefit potential at multiple levels of P&L (above and below VGP.)
• Ability to effectively communicate financial matters to multiple levels of an organization
• Results oriented & client focused with independent self-starter attitude

