Rachel Aronson

Graphic Designer

Elmer, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rachel-Aronson/3e030110c0ae4cff

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Photographer & Sales Associate
JC Penney Portraits  -  Township of Deptford, NJ - September 2014 to Present

Scheduled photo sessions. Used expertise in photo selection process to create and format single and multi-
image  collages  for  the  customer’s  online  database.  Utilized  photo  manipulation  skills  to  retouch  photos.
Catalogued and organized photo prints for customer pick-up.

Graphic Designer/Video Editor
National American Miss  -  Elmer, NJ - December 2010 to Present

Designed large format banners for the largest pageant system in the country (over 125,000
contestants since 2004). Created advertisements for each state pageant magazine.
Conceptualized  and  constructed  solicitations  to  pageant  contestants  Traveled  to  Columbus,  Ohio  and
Anaheim,  California  to  assist  in  sales  and  promotions  for  company.  Designed  National  American  Miss
DVD  covers.  Edited  and  formatted  raw  footage  from  each  pageant  for  DVD  usage.  Produced  DVD/CDs
and  prioritized  shipping  deadlines.  Provided  new  employee  training,  supervision  and  assigned  duties  with
deadlines. Oversaw employee’s work ethic to be sure tasks were completed in a timely fashion. December
2010-Present

Graphic Design Intern
20/10 Solutions  -  West Chester, PA - May 2015 to August 2015

Responsibilities
Designed engaging graphic communications for print and web. This includes logos, direct mail pieces and
email  blasts,  branded  promotional  items,  web  site  and  social  media  graphics,  flyers,  and  other  marketing
materials as needed. Worked closely with the creative director to translate the client’s messaging concepts
into marketing materials.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts in Advertising and Graphic Design
Rowan University - Glassboro, NJ
2014 to 2016

SKILLS

Course work in typography, logo and image creation, photo manipulation and digital image processing.
Experience with publication design and grids. Proficient in using design process for conceptual and visual
development. DSLR camera proficiency. Background in media/account planning, integrated marketing,
advertising strategies/tactics, brand identity and research.

LINKS

http://aronsondesigns.wix.com/portfolio

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Software Knowledge:
Adobe CS6 (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Encore, and After Effects),
Microsoft Windows/Mac OS X, Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), QuarkXPres

