Stephanie Thompson

Instrument Processing Technician

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Stephanie-Thompson/f8e147fc6e31d087

To  obtain  a  position  that  will  utilize  my  excellent  Instrument  Processing  Technician  skills  and  provide
opportunity for professional growth.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere

WORK EXPERIENCE

Endoscopy processing technician
Fox Chase Cancer Center  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2016 to Present

Responsibilities
Cleans and reprocesses a variety of endoscopes and endoscopic accessories. Lubricates and reassembles
instruments. Identifies and labels instruments for processing. 
Monitors  Reprocessing  units  to  ensure  they  are  performing  at  optimal  levels.  Performs  routine  checks  on
reprocessing equipment and high level disinfecting agents. Interprets and records results. Reports problems
to Manager. 

Maintains Endoscopy equipment following standard procedures. 

Operates  reprocessing  equipment  utilizing  proper  operating  procedures  and  methods  in  accordance  with
manufacturers  recommended  parameters  for  use  as  well  as  loading  and  unloading  techniques.  Follows
procedures and infection control guidelines. 

Maintains and stocks equipment, instruments and supplies. Puts equipment, instruments and supplies away
in neat and orderly fashion, using proper stocking and storage techniques. Requests orders for replacements
as required by manager. 

Oversees  the  care,  handling,  and  maintenance  of  endoscope  equipment.  Inspects  endoscopes  and  any
broken equipment and reports to Manager. Troubleshoots basic technical problems with endoscopes or other
equipment. Sends equipment for repairs following departmental procedure. 
Maintains open communication with manager regarding maintenance of endoscopes, equipment, and supplies
to meet Endoscopy needs. Documents and tracks scope repairs or any other equipment in need of repair.
Communicates all scope repairs to Manager. 

Professionalism,  dedication,  communication,  productivity,  and  quality 
demonstrated in daily activities/responsibilities regarding position requirements. 

improvement 

initiatives  are

Complies with established departmental policies, procedures, and objectives. 

Attends variety of meetings, conferences, and seminars as required or directed. 

Demonstrates use of Quality Improvement in daily operations. 

Complies with all health and safety regulations and requirements. 

Respects diverse views and approaches, and contributes in maintaining an environment of professionalism,
tolerance, civility and acceptance toward all employees, patients and visitors

Sterile Processing Technician
The Memorial Hospital of Salem County  -  Salem, NJ

Responsibilities

. Performs all activities in decontaminating, cleaning, processing and assembling, storing and distributing sterile
trays and supplies utilized for patient care areas. Participates in orientation and education of operating room
equipment and supplies. Complete knowledge in operation of all sterile processing equipment . Completes
OR and SPD record keeping / Monitoring in compliance with all hospital policy & procedure, and all regulatory
regulations. Performs all other duties as assigned

Instrument Processing Technician
Limestone Surgery Center  -  Wilmington, DE - February 2014 to November 2014

Skills Used
Instrument  Processing  Technician  Skillfully  cleaned  and  processed  surgical  instruments  and  scopes  for
surgery, wrapped, stamped and documented items for autoclave. Assembled surgical sets for future surgeries

Instrument Processing Technician
Cozer-Chester Medical Center  -  Chester, PA - April 2013 to February 2014

Instrument Processing Technician
Responsible for identifying, decontaminating, inspecting, assembling and processing instruments, instrument
sets, and sterile supplies used in the operating room and .Prepare instruments, cameras, lens and other items
for sterilization in various trays and packages.
Ability  to  perform  daily  biological  testing  of  Sterilization  Machines  /  Equipment  and  maintain  necessary
documentation of Sterilization machines and equipment -Automatic Washers, Ultrasonic Units, Sterilize.

Injection Mold Operator
Sony Music  -  Pitman, NJ - May 2000 to February 2010

Skillfully operated mold machines to create music CDs, DVDs and Playstation CD games
Operated packing and sealing machines
Performed diagnostic and physical testing for quality control while working in a clean room environment
Monitored hourly production to input data into our proprietary systems for Engineer review

Medical Assistant- OB/GYN
Pennsylvania Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 1996 to March 1997

Recorded patient's blood pressure, weight, and temperatures.
Performed blood and urine testing.
Managed front and rear offices including: faxing. filling, and appointments scheduling

EDUCATION

Technology
Omega Institute - Pennsauken, NJ
May 2012 to March 2013

Medical Assisting

Thompson Institute - Philadelphia, PA
April 1995 to June 1996

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

RELATED SKILLS:
Performs Task within the Scope of Practice
Maintains Aseptic Technique
Prepares and Labels Medications
Prepares Suture Material and Passes Correctly
Law and Ethics
Adequate Sharp Management
Surgical Pharmacology
HIPAA Compliance
Application of Wound Dressing
Correctly Handle and Label Specimens
Prepare Instruments for Decontamination
Intraoperative Patient Care
Preparation and Sterilization

