Tonya Walls

Merchant Services Call Center Representative - Vcare Technologies

Camden, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tonya-Walls/08fa97e9efe047b2

To obtain a position which would allow the opportunity for growth and advancement.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Merchant Services Call Center Representative
Vcare Technologies  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - 2016 to Present

Job Duties: Answer incoming calls from Living Social Merchants regarding their deals posted on our website.
Assisted with changing Merchants deal information such as pricing, wording, photo's and fine print. Amend
Contract Agreements associated with the changes. Educate Merchants on how to use the Merchant Center to
view their sales, exposure, payments, current deals running, and voucher redemption. Escalated Merchants
concerns  to  Sales  and  Accounts  Payable.  Data  Entry.  Daily  use  of  Salesforce,  Gmail,  Web,  Phone,  and
Headset.

Call Center Representative
Vcare Technologies Temp Position  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - October 2015 to March 2016

Answer incoming call from Ugg Austrailia Customers regarding their orders. Placed orders via website and
supplied
customers with order details and information. Canceled and rerouted orders per customers request. Supplied
customers with tracking
information regarding their orders, exchanges, and returns. Updated contact information. Data Entry. Daily
use of Virtu Call Center, Accertify, Demandware, Outlook, Web, Inventory Management, and WTF.

Material Handler 
Blowout Bedding Temp Position  -  Pennsauken, NJ - 2014 to 2015

Prepare, label, and pack bedding products for Amazon.com, Internet Companies, and consumers. Label all
products to be
shipped with correct bar-code/sku numbers and warning labels. Verify all small internet order tickets to products
and pack according to
size via UPS. Palatalize, count, shrink rap, and label all Amazon.com shipments. Make boxes with the use of
tape gun. Clean warehouse as needed.

Checker 
Forman Mills Warehouse Temp Position   -  Cinnaminson, NJ - 2014 to 2014

Verify receiving paper work to products received from vendors. Count merchandise, pack in boxes and label
the boxes with the correct store number to be shipped as shown on receiving paper work. Report any problems
with paper work or merchandise to
management. Add, record, and sign off on paperwork as verification. Data Entry. Daily use of WMS.

Sales Associate/Customer Service – Apparel/Shoes/Jewelry 
Wal-Mart  -  West Deptford, NJ - 2013 to 2014

Assist  customers  with  merchandise,  questions,  and  concerns.  Ring  up  merchandise.  Stock  and  arrange
end  caps,  isles,  and  shelves  with  freight  or  new  incoming  freight.  Bin  overstock  in  proper  location.  Mark

down clearance items. Price, price check, and restock shelves. Use of RF hand held Scan gun and printer.
Perform Jewelry Audits. Place Jewelry layaway’s, ring sizing, special jewelry orders, and jewelry repairs in
safe. Other duties as assigned.

Receiving Control Office - Group Lead 
Burlington Coat Factory Warehouse  -  Edgewater Park, NJ - 2011 to 2012

Coordinate the daily activities within the Receiving Control Office. Delegate work to employees to assemble
all the packet materials needed to unloaded trailers. Identify the location inside and outside the RCO Office
of every packet built. Audit the contents of the packet including, BOL, appointment numbers, piece count,
vendors name and address, and filing the various documents. Conduct office audits. Made sure packets were
scanned according to the appointment number of the shipment. Problem solving. Handled administrative tasks
for the shift. Helped in Warehouse with Cycle Counts, quarterly/yearly Inventory, and reports. Reported issues
to management. Responsible for preparing management reports. Daily Filing, Data Entry, and daily use of
WMS, Oracle, Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook and Internet.

Tax Professional 
HR Block Seasonal Position - Customer Service Department   -  Camden, NJ - 2007 to 2011

Prepare Federal and State Income Taxes for new and existing clients. This includes e-filing, setting, canceling,
and  rescheduling  appointments.  Checking  in  clients  at  the  time  of  appointments.  Answering  clients  tax
questions and concerns regarding their returns in the office and on the telephone. Advising clients of the Tax
Laws and the best way to handling difficult tax decisions. Daily Filing, Data Entry, and Administrative duties.
Various other duties when assigned.

Customer Account Manager
Swets - Subscription Agent - Customer Service Department  -  Runnemede, NJ - 2002 to 2008

Maintain  customer’s  accounts  accurately  and  efficiently.  This  included  setting  up  new  customer  accounts,
ordering  publications  such  as  journals,  magazines,  newspapers,  and  books.  Canceling  and/or  renewing
subscriptions and accounts at the customer’s request. Provided Quotes to current and prospect customers.
Worked closely with Sales and Finance Team to resolve customer's issues. Mailing of invoices for payments.
Daily  problem  solving.  Advising  clients  on  new  products  that  would  benefit  there  company  and  situations.
Emails and calls were received on a daily basis. Requested and formatted different files, spreadsheets, and
checklist. Daily Filing, Data Entry, and Administrative duties. Daily use of Microsoft Office, Outlook and Internet.

Lawn and Garden Cashier
Wal-Mart – Part Time Night Position  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - 2004 to 2005

Assisted customers with merchandise, questions, and concerns. Ring up merchandise. Stocked and arranged
end caps
and isles. Priced, price checked, and restocked shelves. Use of RF Scan gun. Other duties as assigned.

Customer Service Supervisor
Macy's Seasonal Help  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - 2004 to 2004

Overseeing  three  departments,  fashion  jewelry,  lingerie,  and  designer  handbags.  Responsible  for  10
employees. Ensure the
cashiers had change to make accurate transactions and sales. Also made sure the departments had coverage
during breaks and
lunches.Ring up merchandise. Stocked and arranged merchandise. Assisted customers with purchases and
credit card applications.

Office Clerk

Aluminum Fabricating  -  Elkton, MD - 1999 to 2002

Answered phones, greeted visitors, kept track of all absences/lateness, time missed, vacation and personal
days. Helped
employees with healthcare changes for the upcoming year. Made sure all time cards and time worked were
added for the week to go to
payroll. Typed invoices, purchase orders and weekly reports. Ordered supplies as needed. Assisted drivers
with proper paper work for
outgoing shipments. Helped in plant when needed. Daily Filing, Data Entry, and Administrative duties. Other
various duties were
performed.

EDUCATION

GED
Salem County Vocational and Technical School

Salem Community College

HR Block Tax School

SKILLS

Microsoft Office Suites, Inventory/Cycle Counts, (5 years)

AWARDS

Employee of the Month
May 1994

Housekeeping Seal Award
August 1995

Employee of the Month
2003

CERTIFICATIONS

Tax Professional Certification

