Alexander Makaryk

Android Developer/Software Engineer

Levittown, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Alexander-Makaryk/3ff0a4e05e801824

I am a focused and dedicated individual with a diverse skillset and
years of experience in software engineering as well as customer service and
project management. I am strong willed and always strive to maintain an
efficient working environment. I endeavor to anticipate operational problems
and swiftly move to mitigate any forthcoming issues.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer/Software Engineer
Kelly Services - 2014 to November 2015

2014 - Nov 2015
● Quickly adapted to ever changing working environments and rapidly
developed efficient solutions to operational challenges.
2. Android Developer/Software Engineer
Dec

Independent Contractor
Gray Street Solutions - 2013 to November 2014

Consulted on Mobile Application design and initiated exploratory research into efficient solutions to platform
challenges.
● Provided direct Client interaction to assist with App planning and design process as well as provide technical
support for Google Play and other 3rd party services.
Aug

Sales Associate / Keyholder
Self Employed - 2011 to December 2013

2011 - Dec 2013
● Managed personal time and computing resources so as to build an intimate familiarity with the nuances of
Android App development.
3. Sales Associate / Keyholder
: ov
N

Radioshack - 2009 to August 2011

Nov 2011 - Jan 2012
● Proactively engaged customers on the sale and service of a large array of products while maintaining a
tidy and efficient retail environment.
● Developed and utilized my ability to effectively communicate technical
challenges and solutions in the diverse market of consumer electronics.

EDUCATION

Conwell-Egan Highschool - Fairless Hills, PA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Skills:
Tools and Technologies: Operating Systems & Services:
Android SDK, RESTful webservices, Ubuntu Linux (desktop & server),
Spring framework, PolymerJS, Android, Windows, Unix, MySQL,
NodeJS, Django, BASH scripting. PostgreSQL, Apache Web Server,
IPTables, Cron.
Programming Languages:
Java (v5, v6, v7), C# (Mono),:
IDEs and Testing
C/C++, Javascript, Python. Android Studio/IntelliJ, Eclipse,
MonoDevelop, Genymotion, JUnit
Testing.

