Andrew Pandolfino

WiFi Network Engineer & Subject Matter Expert | Big Data Analytics for
Troubleshooting | […]

Reston, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Andrew-Pandolfino/b2cb7c58353c5b9b

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Wireless Engineer
Comcast  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2014 to Present

Provide operational support for one of the newest and fastest growing technologies at Comcast Cable. The
public WiFi product had grown from a skunkworks project to a network of more than 10 million access points
and the operational support team was established to transition the offering into a Business as Usual product.
This position was leading a multifaceted group of engineers in a combination of outreach, reporting, advanced
troubleshooting, debugging and OSS tools development.
•  OUTREACH:  Worked  to  document,  improve  and  communicate  the  architecture,  support  structure,  and
troubleshooting  methods  for  the  public  Xfinity  WiFi  product.  Helped  to  develop  relationships  and  provide
training  for  a  group  of  WiFi  SME's  within  other  Tier  1  and  2  support  groups  (NASR,  CARE,  Commercial,
DMO) and acted as Tier 3 support for escalations. Build strong working relationships across organizational
boundaries to insure proper communication of changes and product enhancements to other operations teams
and customer care teams.
•  REPORTING:  Developed  automated  analysis  and  reporting  of  access  point  up-time  to  ensure  network
availability  and  through  coordination  with  regional  tech-ops  drove  online  percentage  over  99.9%.  Perform
analysis on ticket information to identify trends and common issues, then working with Engineering teams,
drove improvements to overall product.
• ADVANCED TROUBLESHOOTING: Through coordinated efforts with Ops Team, got Portal, AAA and other
system logs into Logstash and created visualizations in Kibana to detect widespread production issues. Tying
into various data sources, created Executive Performance Dashboards in Tableau. Perform root cause analysis
for  outages,  suggesting  ways  to  avoid  future  outages,  develop  best  practices  for  future  issues,  and  make
network more resilient and fault tolerant.
•  DEBUGGING:  Code  level  debugging  of  ETL  scripts  in  Python/Perl  as  needed.  Worked  to  move  critical
ETL processes to Talend platform. Contribute to architectural discussions around the WiFi platform to insure
changes would not impact overall Customer Experience.
•  OSS  TOOLS:  Familiar  with  the  different  tools  sets  that  are  available  within  Comcast,  both  the  front-end
functionality and underlying data structures and inter-dependencies. Liaison to a small development team that
prototyped Ops and Support tools and worked with OSS teams to incorporate this functionality.

Entrepreneur / Partner
Wireless Beach Access  -  Rehoboth Beach, DE - September 2006 to December 2013

Built a Managed WiFi company providing DSL and WiFi services to customers in Resort Areas of Delaware
and Maryland. Grew this part time endeavor to include 14 MDUs, 6 hotels, and 8 large town home communities
with Co-Located equipment in 2 Verizon Central Offices. 
• Demonstrated leadership in building new markets and solutions for properties where previous WiFi providers
had failed by utilizing radio resource management and outside of the box solutions to common WiFi problems.

• Designed and engineered solutions based on customer requirements while maintaining a consistent user
experience.
•  Improve  processes  and  products  including  implemented  cloud-based  interface  for  customer  account
management and bill payment.
• Performed site surveys and generated RF propagation maps for building and community WiFi deployments
to aid in the design of Wireless Internet Networks (WIFI) and Wireless Backhaul Networks.
• Become a Competitive Local Exchange Carrier (CLEC) in Delaware, Virginia and Maryland to provide DLS
services to properties with managed wifi solutions and also individual homes.
• Worked to build a custom Authentication, Authorization and Accounting (AAA) system based on RADIUS to
allow central management and customer roaming capabilities
•  Documented  network  design  and  configurations  and  monitor  system  performance  to  minimize  network
downtime. Implemented alarming systems to pro-actively identify outages. Work with hardware and software
vendors to resolve identified problems and implement new solutions.
•  Worked  on  call  responding  to  customer  reported  service  issues  through  online  ticketing  system  and
documented work performed. Using past service logs, recommended areas of improvement.
• Liaison to building and property managers, coordinating upgrades and intrusive repair work with maintenance
teams to insure work was as least disruptive as possible.

Entrepreneur
Various Businesses - May 1995 to September 2006

• 9/03: Operated a Wings to Go franchise in Rehoboth Beach, DE. Consistent sales growth of 10-15% each
year even through a major 3 year town-wide revitalization project. Sold the business in the fall of 2003.

• 9/03 - 11/05: Operated a home-based eBay business in Lewes, DE

• 11/05 - 9/07: General Contractor for Asha Construction in Georgetown, DE. Managed construction of new
homes and remodeling of homes for rentals.

Lead Service Technician
GGE of Delaware  -  Rehoboth Beach, DE - September 1998 to May 2001

• Managed a small crew of on-call techs that responded to customer reported equipment failures of company
owned assets placed in profit sharing locations.
• Troubleshoot and repair failed components including power supplies, monitors, computers, thermal and dot-
matrix printers, capacitive touch screens and electro-mechanical components
• Used service logs to performed failure analysis to determine equipment rotation schedule for preventative
maintenance and equipment upgrades leading to reduced service calls and equipment down time
• Implemented cost savings by purchasing in bulk through better planning, recycling to reduce disposal costs
and restructured the work schedule to reduce drive time and increase productivity.
• Performed light in-house IT services for small office network including workstation maintenance, printer and
file sharing, internet connectivity, email, and VPN connection to remote office.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering
University of Delaware - Newark, DE
August 1990 to May 1994

SKILLS

Talend Data Integration (2 years), Tableau (2 years), Oracle SQL (4 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years),
ETL (2 years), WiFi 802.11 (8 years)

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/pub/andrew-pandolfino/62/279/65/en

AWARDS

Life Member National Association of Eagle Scouts
November 1999

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
Technologies: […] 802.1q, 802.1x, GRE, VPN, AAA, RADIUS, SNMP, Oracle and MySQL, DNS,DHCP, DD-
WRT
Tools: WiSpy, inSSIDer, Wireshark, Nagios, Scripting, Talend, Tableau, SQL Developer
Security: Snort, RADIUS, SSL, IPTables, Firewalls, IDS/IPS
Vendors: Ruckus, Colubris, HP, Ubiquity, Sputnik, TP-Link, Bel Air, Zyxel, Arris, Technicolor, Cisco

