Carl Howard

Software Engineer / Programmer - Payroll Service Solutions

Delran, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Carl-Howard/eb214f9515d48305

To obtain a position which allows me to utilize my knowledge of programming, development, design,
coding, interface development, and computer technology.
Willing to relocate to: Riverside, NJ
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer / Programmer
Payroll Service Solutions  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2016 to Present

Assist with the administration, development and management of the Organizations Web
Portal. The Web Portal serves as a central location whereby customers can enter
information and statistics pertaining to their account. The Web Portal is continuously
updated and redesigned using Classic asp.net, C++, HTML, CSS, and Java Script.

• Providing technical support to the organizations Customer Service Department. This
Department utilizes an in-house, customized desktop application which allows the
Representatives to manage our client accounts with respect to obtaining current
information and updating the statistics. Our Representatives also utilize this application to create new clients
as well as provide client access to the Customer Web Portal. This
customized application was developed using MFC, Visual C++, C++, and Btrieve
database (transactional), and is systematically improved.

• Involved with the report generation of specific customer numerical figures. These reports
are  created  using  an  in-house  customized  application.  This  application  uses  C++  to  determine  proper
placement of data before the processing phase begins.

Web Developer / Computer Programmer
Burlington Coat Factory  -  Edgewater Park, NJ - October 2015 to December 2015

Responsible  for  the  development  and  management  of  the  intercompany  Intranet.  Member  of  the  Web
Development team which administered the Intranet. Tasked with page layout,
hyperlink strategies, the incorporation of streaming video via Java Script, management of information updates,
and overall Quality-of-Service / Quality Control testing.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
York College of Pennsylvania - York, PA
May 2015

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Skills:

Languages: Java, C++, C#, ASP.NET, Objective C, Ruby, Scala, Python, Erlang,
Prolog, Closure, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, HTML5, PHP, CSS,
MySQL, SQL, Btrieve, Junit, and Microsoft Unit testing

Operating Systems
and Software: Microsoft Windows 10 /8 / 7, Microsoft Server […]
VMware2, Team Viewer, Linux (Mint and Ubuntu), Visual Studio
[…] Eclipse, Maven, Gradle, Android Studio, Intellij IDEA,
Notepad++, Cygwin, and Google Web Toolkit

