Chim Krishnan

CHALLENGE-DRIVEN HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE ENGINEER

West Chester, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Chim-Krishnan/d6a2a0a55af25076

Delivering industry-leading products by designing useful, value-added hardware and software.
〓 Extensive experience in design including feasibility study, architecture, work estimates, logic and software
design, test, engineering management.
〓 International Project Team Management
〓 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
〓 Doing whatever it takes to get the job done that consistently meets or beats business expectations.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Principal Engineer - Tools and support for software development
Unisys Corporation  -  Malvern, PA - 2014 to 2015

• Evaluated and ranked static code analysis tools, leading to deployment of a recommended code analysis
tool in a large software group developing a secure hypervisor.
• Designed a software tool using Perl on Linux to verify hardware inventory, firmware levels, LAN network
connections and Infiniband fabric connections for a multi-server system. Designed as a tool for the end user,
the factory and test groups embraced the tool because of its utility.

Principal Engineer - Windows software for Telephony network
Unisys Corporation  -  Malvern, PA - 2010 to 2014

• Developed code for sharing of call signaling servers and voice media servers among multiple hosts, and
allowed load-sharing among voice media servers without host involvement.
• Developed code to interface with third party software providing SIP protocol and media transport.
•  Supervised  team  in  India  modifying  web-based  configuration  tool  to  support  above  sharing  feature.
Documented the configuration requirements, generated sample HTML/ASP to use as a template.
• Combined Windows and Linux onto single server with VMWare to reduce number of call servers.
• Managed various code streams to support multiple code versions and multiple hardware types.

Principal Engineer - Enterprise class server development using Altera Virtex IV FPGA
Unisys Corporation  -  Malvern, PA - 2008 to 2009

• Designed DDR3 memory controller including scheduler, BIST logic, ECC and maintenance logic.
• Controller used the PHY provided by Altera, but lower latency than the Altera controller design. Took the
design forward into running simulation.

Engineering Manager I - Enterprise-class server development - Physical design of 90nm
node controller ASIC, ~30M gates
Unisys orporation  -  Malvern, PA - 2007 to 2008

• Physical design of 90nm node controller ASIC, ~30M gates
* Managed physical design team (synthesis, layout, routing, timing, tape out) of a 90nm node controller ASIC
for a server that led the industry in transaction performance or cost/performance.
* ASIC supported Intel processor bus, memory directory, FBDIMM controllers and PCIE root nodes.
*  Developed  schedules,  published  and  tracked  metrics,  and  coordinated  with  the  ASIC  vendor  in  solving
issues.

* Managed re-allocation of resources when head count was reduced due to a re-organization.

Hardware Engineer I - Enterprise-class server development

Hardware Engineer I – Enterprise-class server development - Coherency engine for a
90nm node controller ASIC
Unisys Corporation  -  Malvern, PA - 2005 to 2007

* Designed a coherency engine and a memory directory that controlled the main memory accesses of Intel
X64 processors. The directory used embedded DRAM in the ASIC.
* Guided junior engineers that were given portions of the design, including documenting functionality of sub-
sections and suggestions for implementation.
* Worked with physical designers to improve timing and routing.
* Took the design all the way to tape out and product delivery.

Hardware Engineer I – Enterprise-class server development - Crossbar switch ASIC and
a node controller ASIC
Unisys Corporation  -  Malvern, PA - 2001 to 2005

* Designed and simulated a node controller ASIC and took it through to tape out and product delivery. The node
controller ASIC provided a third level cache and coherency engine for Intel Itanium processors and proprietary
Unisys processors.
* This node controller is still at the heart of the highest performing Unisys Clearpath systems.
* Designed a crossbar switch ASIC as part of a large server system with proprietary high speed interconnect.
Took this design through simulation. This design was used later in a 90nm node controller ASIC.

Hardware Engineer I – Enterprise-class server development - Third level cache and MSU
interface for Intel Pentium Pro and Itanium processors
Unisys Corporation  -  Malvern, PA - 1995 to 2001

* Designed an ASIC that was a node controller and third level cache for an Intel based server. This ASIC
supported IA32, IA64 and Unisys proprietary processors, and two different cache line sizes.
* Became the company expert on Intel front side buses.
*  Designed  another  node  controller/third  level  cache  ASIC  to  support  new  bus  protocols  for  later  Intel
processors.
* All designs carried forward through simulation, tape out and product delivery.
* The servers running with these ASICs were industry-leading in transaction performance.

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Systems Engineering
University of Pennsylvania - Philadelphia, PA

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering
University of Pennsylvania - Philadelphia, PA

SKILLS

Microsoft office (9 years), Software Development (5 years), C++ (5 years), Logic Design (10+ years), Perl (6
years)

LINKS

https://www.linkedin.com/in/chimkrishnan

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Skills

ASIC design Software design Architecture Engineering Management Test Microcontrollers

Languages and Tools

Expert/Competent: Verilog VHDL C C++ TCL Perl Java Subversion Visual Studio Cadence Synopsys Agile
Windows Linux ClearCase ClearQuest Wireshark Assembly Language

Knowledgeable: CSS JS PHP C# HTML

