David Morton

Power Engineer/Network Design Engineer - Broadview Networks

Erial, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Morton/cbac3e788046c3d9

To  secure  employment  that  encourages  my  professional  and  personal  growth  and  development  through
opportunities for challenging and creative use of my diverse experience with a concentration in standby power
for telecom and/or data center management environment.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Power Engineer/Network Design Engineer
Broadview Networks - 2003 to Present

Provides  engineering  and  technical  support  to  plan,  schedule,  coordinate  and  execute  full  life  cycle
commissioning of critical DC and Battery backup facilities.
➢ Participate in the MEP design process
➢ Witness the static and dynamic testing of complex AC/DC, electrical control system and operate the systems
in normal, maintenance and failure modes of operation.
➢  Design  and  implementation  of  DC  power  plants,  Inverters,  rectifier  plants  and  Infrastructure  equipment
that would support Data Centers, VOIP/ Cloud services in various Telecomm Central Offices throughout the
company.
➢ Procure contractor quotes for proposed design and installation.
➢ Projects manage the contractors hired to install the DC plant, Inverter, UPS and/or backup batteries ( VLRA,
Wet-Cell, NiCad)
➢ To research and design energy efficient power plants.
➢ Manage contractors and timelines for outsourced Power and Infrastructure projects.
➢ Ensure new equipment is energy efficient and ensure Low MTTR intervals.
➢ Manage DC battery PM schedule, Replacement, and Warranty issues.
➢ Manage equipment reallocation and recycle.
Responsible for, but not limited too
➢ Implement and budget cost effective, scalable, reliable, and manageable network power solutions
➢ Manages network expansion/conversion/decommission VoIP projects of significant scope
➢ Interface with Technology, Operations and IT Groups to define and deliver new products, services, and
functionality
➢ Identify necessary network power changes, validate proposed changes through testing, develop/submit a
detailed work plan, and interface with various DC Power Engineers, IT engineering and Operations groups to
successfully implement these changes on the Lab/Production network equipment.
➢ Evaluates prospective vendors and technologies through lab testing and thorough analysis for inclusion into
Production network

Network Migration Project Engineer
ATX Communications - 1999 to Present

Implement engineering's plan to diversify the network
➢ Take advantage of current resource allocation
➢ Improve the network architecture
➢ Improve network availability, reliability, and cost per unit.
Responsible for, but not limited too
➢ Planning of network migrations

➢  Establish  the  migration  process  with  the  teams  and  provide  the  necessary  training  to  complete  the
migrations
➢ Manage the preparation work to meet the scheduled migration date
➢ Coordinate the migrations so that all parties, internal and external are prepared for each activity
➢ Manage and oversee the actual migrations to ensure that all services are restored quickly and accurately
for minimal customer impact.
➢ Ensure that all databases are updated after the migrations to reflect the actual network configuration.

Supervising Manager of Local Operations / 5ESS Translations Engineering
ATX Communications - 1999 to 2003

Major responsibilities are to aid and assist a group of five translations engineers with day-to-day translations
of business customer's orders. Writing and implementing new procedures for local operations. Training new
personnel in proper procedures for translating customers orders for analog lines, mlhg, private facility trunks,
ISDN PRI Trunks, ISDN BRI Lines, IDP, Centrex system, and proper routing for LNP inter / intra lata call
processing.  Ensuring  that  all  switch  alarms  are  addressed  and  troubleshooting  any  and  all  product  types
offered with field techs and or ILEC. (IE: Bad smart-jack, LNP numbers not being ported correctly in NPAC,
CPE faulty, etc.)
➢ Writing and inputting switch translations data for Routing Translations (LDIT, RDIT, Screen Indexes and T-
Conflict Translations). Writing and inputting switch translations data for new Centrex Services ( ISDN Lines,
Analog Lines, Configuration Croups, IDP's (Individual Dialing Plans) and BRCS Feature Groups in the Lucent
5ESS  switch  with  98%  accuracy.  Translating  and  inputting  Private  Facility  Trunks,  PRI's  (  Primary  Rate
Interface) and SS7 Trunks. SM switch growth and all associated translations.

Senior Switch Tech
ATX Communications - 1999 to 1999

Major  responsibilities  are  Cell  site  building  in  Lucent  5ESS  switch  and  ECP,  Translations,  Digital  Cross-
connects on Tellabs 532L and 5500, T-1 acceptance, DS3 acceptance, 5ESS Maintenance, AMA Backup,
ECP and 5ESS backup, Download of new software for cell sites, Download BWM for 5ESS, Alarm test for
cell sites and Scat BIU upgrades

Switch Tester
LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES - 1997 to 1999

Major  responsibilities  are  Lucent  5ESS  switch  installation  verification,  Test  and  Turn  Up,  5ESS  and  ECP
translations, 5ESS software download, system cabling, power verification, software installation, equipment
testing, Growth work, PCS cell site building, circuit pack testing, wiring of DSX bays and DC rectifiers.
➢ Proficient with CDMA and TDMA networks

Cellular Phone Repair/Bench Tech
Communications Test Design - 1997 to 1997

Repair of Motorola, Nokia, and Ericsson and Audiovox portables
➢ Utilization of Marconi Cellular test system to run diagnostics
➢ Testing of transmit power using HP RF Communications Test Set

Cellular Technician for Nextel
Aerotek / Motorola - 1996 to 1996

Software installation using RSS software for Nextel phones
➢ Component removal and installation on flip phones
➢ Equipment testing on phones and network for Nextel

EDUCATION

Certificate of completion in Automotive Engineering Course
Camden County Technical School
2002 to 2004

Weichart Real Estate School
2004

Associates in Computer Networking / Electronic systems
Computer Learning Center - Philadelphia, PA
1994 to 1996

SKILLS

Telecommunications (10+ years), DC Standby Power (10+ years), Data Center (10+ years)

