Dean Ritter

Software Engineer

Holland, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dean-Ritter/955865f1aab04cb3

iOS development as a Team Lead or Senior Software Engineer in a dynamic, established company.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
The Neat Company - February 2014 to March 2015

Developed/Maintained software for iOS Mobile app that supports company's digital filing system
● Played a key role in architecture refactor planning sessions.
● Developed all aspects of iOS architecture:
- UI: Both storyboard and all-code
- Middle tier: Business logic, TDD, Design Pattens
- Backend: CoreData, JSON web interface
● Ramped up quickly to provide maximum value to the company.

"During our time together on the mobile team, Dean was always very accountable for any task that was given
to him. I always trusted it would be not only done, but thought through. Dean was constantly introducing myself
and the other team members to better ways of doing things in OOP principals [with Design Patterns always
in mind].

Most impressive, was coming from a C# / .net background at Neat, Dean was very quickly an effective member
of the iOS team. He was one of the developers that would regularly reach out to QA or Product to resolve issues,
without just hanging up the task and waiting. I would welcome the opportunity to work together again." [Russ
Fellman, supervisor].

➢ Xcode 5,6, iOS 6,7, 8, Kanban, Agile, Jira, TDD (GHUnit, OCMock)

Software Engineer, Windows Desktop Application Team
● Developed software for a desktop scanner organizational application.
● Paired, interfaced with remote contractors and employees on a regular basis.
● Started a series of presentations to formally introduce developers to SOLID programming principles.
➢ VS 2010 .Net 3.5, Windows 7, C#, WPF, Agile, TDD (NUnit, White)
➢ Target Process/Jira

BioInformatics Software Engineer
BioNanomatrix - July 2010 to May 2011

Developed and maintained software for a bio-tech start-up dedicated to commercialization of a cutting edge
laboratory instrument.
● Key contributor in maintenance and refactoring of hardware control software for an instrument that uses a
patented technique to provide clear images of long strands of DNA molecules.
● Designed/developed desktop software to interpret and analyze images output by the instrument.
➢ VS 2008/2010, .Net 3.5, Windows 7, C#, WinForms

Team Lead/Manager - Software Development Department

Photon Technology, International - January 2008 to March 2010

Responsible for architecture, design, and development of control application for the next generation of the
company's primary product, an instrument that measures fluorescence and photometry.
● Functionality implemented included multiple threads running and interacting, particularly during execution
of experiments run by the instrument. Developed threads that executed the experiment, updated the display,
and monitored levels of device activity.
● Architecture implemented various Design Patterns (including the State Pattern, Bridge Pattern and Model-
View-Controller) to ensure a comprehensive, maintainable, and scalable application.
● Introduced new software standards, including C#, to improve code stability and maintainability.
● Worked with engineers to develop interface to hardware, and marketing personnel to develop UI.
● Instituted standard operating procedures for development and testing of applications, particularly defect
management and required SRS submittal for all enhancements.
● Coordinated effort to hire subordinate programmers/consultants.
● Managed programming staff and QA personnel to streamline development effort.
➢ VS 2005, Windows XP, C#, WinForms

Senior Software Engineer
Syncro Technology Corp  -  Langhorne, PA - November 2000 to December 2007

Client: Prescient
●  Responsible  for  development  of  lab  research  device.  Developed  manager  module  responsible  for
coordination of attached devices and user interface. Developed Unit Test assembly for use in NUnit testing
software. Created full design specification documents.
Client: Siemens
● Designed/developed an interface component for an embedded fire alarm monitoring system.
● Developed firmware for electronic component to manage message traffic.
Client: Scanvec
● Served as sole engineer for customer contact, design, development and testing of storage module for image
management software.
● Developed testing plan and delivered final presentation to customer.
➢ MS Visual C++/VS 2005 .Net 2.0, WinNT/Windows XP, C++/C#, WinForms
➢ MS SQL Server, MS Visio, UML

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts in Statistics
State University of New York at Buffalo - Buffalo, NY

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

QUALIFICATIONS:
Programming, 24 years: Objective C, C# (10 years), C++ (12 years)
Significant Skills: OOD, OOP, Multi-Threaded Apps, Design Patterns, SOLID

