Diana Yeung

Software Engineer

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Diana-Yeung/15ecdedcbd37c3f5

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
Devon IT  -  King of Prussia, PA - September 2011 to March 2012

• Modified code in Devon IT's thin client management software for feature parity between
Windows and Linux. Features include, but are not limited to: network management, sound
adjustments, and time/locale settings.
• Developed a remote desktop protocol with RemoteFX capability using Microsoft's
documentation on MSDN.

Computer Programmer/IT Analyst
GDA Corporation  -  State College, PA - July 2010 to July 2011

• Developed programs in C++/Python to automate crop statistical data extraction and bulk
image download, as well as the enhancement of geotiff images.
• Maintained all hardware in the office, which included three Linux servers, one back-up unit, and two printers.
• Managed the operations of the company's network, servers, and FTP site.

Computer Lab Supervisor
Information Technology Services  -  University Park, PA - May 2009 to July 2010

• Managed a team of 25 lab consultants for 60 lab locations to ensure quality customer service.
• Prepared and conducted training sessions for entire lab consultant staff.
• Participated in leadership training to enhance management skills.

Computer Lab Consultant
Information Technology Services  -  University Park, PA - May 2008 to May 2009

• Assisted students and faculty with technical difficulties and other problems related to lab
machines across multiple OS platforms.
• Cooperated with other lab consultants through an employee management system to help solve
issues of higher difficulty.

PROJECTS
Automatic Bulk Image downloads: Developed and maintain scripts that would automatically
download Landsat and Deimos image data in bulk with little to no human interaction.
Wind Tunnel Rotor Simulator: Collaborated with Boeing to design and fabricate an ergonomic wind
tunnel rotor simulator to help train new pilots.
Virtual Video Store: Simulated a virtual video storefront using multi-threading as clients and consumers.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering
Pennsylvania State University - University Park, PA
May 2010

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages: Java, C, C++, Qt4, Python, HTML, PHP, Javascript, GDAL, FWTools
Software: Microsoft Visual Studio, QtCreator, MultiSim, LogicWorks, Matlab, Simulink, Macromedia
Dreamweaver

