Edwin Dickinson

Senior Project / Electrical Engineer

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Edwin-Dickinson/d48da88c99ce4aea

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Project / Electrical Engineer
Linear Corporation  -  Exton, PA - 2009 to 2014

Product  Manufacturing  Design  Support.  Provided  engineering  support  for  manufacture  of  access  control
products, related accessories and PC software applications. Technical support for applications engineering
on customer hardware, software and system issues. Activities include:
• Product Transition Manufacturing Support - technical support for offshore factory during product transition
phase, including test fixtures/software/procedures and First Article evaluation. Identify technical issues, devise
and implement appropriate technical changes.
• OEM Customer Product Support - hardware device variants and branded Windows software. Field issue
replication, solution formulation and design change implementation.
• Design Development, Test, Verification and Production Release - establish system requirements, perform
circuit design and PC board layout, functional performance testing for design verification. Production release
using corporate ECR/ECO process.
•  Test  Platform  Design  -  specify  and  implement  platform  for  functional  test,  based  on  available  COTS
components and open source hardware/software. Implemented systems for internal development test and
accelerated testing, applications engineering support and factory test applications.
• Manufacturing Support - including test fixtures and procedure issues. Address component obsolescence
issues  for  digital  and  RF  parts,  including  alternates  source  identification,  component  evaluation  test  and
approval.
• Wireless Product Implementation - extended existing production wireless keypad to include additional air
protocols  and  keypad  configuration.  Upgraded  to  surface  mount  design  to  enhance  manufacturability  and
performance. Implemented automated fixture for in-circuit device programming and functional test, including
proper RF control link operation.
•  Project  Team  Support  &  Management  -  customer  interface  and  project  team  guidance,  including  issue
isolation,  replication,  fix  conception  and  implementation,  verification  and  testing.  Implement  infrastructure,
including version control, collaboration (subversion, TRAC), virtual machine test environment, development
and test software tools. Technical adviser for colleagues and contractors, including software, hardware and
system design and test activities.

Principal Engineer
Powercast Corporation  -  Pittsburgh, PA - 2008 to 2009

Product Design & Development, Manufacturing. System, circuit and packaging design for proprietary wireless
RF power transmission products. Activities include:
•  Product  Development  -  design  of  DC-RF  and  RF-DC  conversion  and  support  circuitry  for  products  and
development kits. Printed circuit board layout, verification test and design documentation.
•  Design  Debug  &  Verification  Testing  -  functional  performance  testing  for  design  verification.  Identified
performance  issues  and  implemented  design  solutions,  including  RF  communications  link,  EMI/EMC  and
system functional details.
•  Manufacturing  Support  -  board  layouts,  mechanical  drawings,  specifications  and  test  procedures.
Manufacturing  release  packages,  engineering  change  notices.  Generated  test  setup  definitions  and
procedures for wired and radiated RF production testing.

Senior System Engineer
InGrid, Inc  -  Berwyn, PA - 2005 to 2008

System  Design  &  Development,  Manufacturing  Support  -  wireless  home  security  consumer  product  line,
including:
•  Product  Definition  -  feasibility,  design  trade-offs,  functional  requirements.  Competitive  product  technical
review and analysis, including ISM band spectrum coexistence and interoperability.
• Product Design - low power battery powered wireless sensor devices with miniature antennas. Developed
power consumption modeling, and small antenna implementations, using EM modeling and pattern testing.
• Design & Compliance Testing - design verification, UL, FCC and industry requirements testing.
• Production Support - test fixtures using wireless near field coupling. On-site support at off-shore contract
manufacturer for technical start-up assistance for the initial production run.

President
Dovetail Sciences Corporation  -  Palm, PA - 1996 to 2008

Engineering  and  company  management.  Technical  lead  for  design,  development  and  manufacturing,
including:
• Distortion Measurement System - automated NTSC video performance measurements per FCC Part 76.
US patent 6,337,711 granted and product line acquired by cable TV test equipment manufacturer.
• Video Data Encoder - modular system for digital data insertion into active NTSC analog video broadcast
signal. Rack mount 8-channel configuration, digital signal processing, redundant hot-swap power modules.
• Field Intensity Meter - portable digital instrument for AM broadcast field strength, with active loop antenna,
touch screen LCD for user interface and spectrum display. Ethernet web browser user interface.
• Transmission Impairment Detection System - distortion monitoring system for cable TV return path.

Vice President
Dovetail Surveys Inc  -  Allentown, PA - 1989 to 1996

Engineering  management.  Technical  direction 
for  product/circuit  design,  development,  prototype,
manufacturing  and  support  activities.  Provided  technical  and  operational  support  for  aerial  signal  leakage
survey service. Projects included:
• Aerial Signal Leakage Measurement - contract service for FCC part 76 measurements. Operate multiple
aircraft in continental US. Data processing, analysis and report software for FCC regulatory requirements.
•  Return  Signal  Switch  -  module  for  CATV  amplifier  OEM.  Turnkey  design  and  production,  including
requirements, board design, documentation, product qualification and automated functional test.
•  Cellular  Repeater  System  -  strand  mount  cellular  repeater  system  for  aerial  utility  deployment.  FCC
Type  Accepted  design  incorporating  modular  construction,  COTS  components  and  custom  modules  for
serviceability.

Communications Systems - data, voice, and video applications, using analog, RF and digital techniques, from
100 KHz to 6 GHz. System and circuit design of receivers and transmitters, modulators and demodulators,
tuners, converters, frequency synthesizers, amplifiers, and analog/RF/digital filters. RF modems for broadband
and wireless, including cable, ISM band and microwave devices.
Radio Frequency Systems - including wireless, cable, fiber optics, broadcast, sensing and instrumentation
systems, for licensed and unlicensed applications. System design and analysis including link budget, path loss,
distortion and compliance performance. Low power transmitter/receivers for battery operated and remotely
powered devices and RF power systems. Integrated antenna systems including printed, electrically small and
active configurations.
Control, Monitoring and Measurement Systems - intelligent wired and wireless systems, utilizing audio, power
line, RF and optical links; for status, control, measurement and monitoring applications. Digital circuit designs

including programmable logic (Verilog/VHDL), embedded microcontroller/microprocessor systems with custom
software.
System Definition, Specification and Evaluation - formulation of detailed technical documents, including system
performance objectives, requirements, and detailed component, sub-system and equipment specifications.
Analysis and evaluation of design approach alternatives, including block diagram, circuit and physical level
simulation, using CAD/EDA tools (including Mathcad, SystemVue, Matlab, SPICE, NEC, FEKO), and custom
software tools.
Circuit  and  System  Testing  -  design  verification,  performance  and  interoperability  testing  at  the  circuit
and  system  levels.  Performance  qualification  testing  over  full  outdoor  operating  temperature  range,  and
accelerated  testing  using  HALT/HASS.  Product  testing  for  regulatory  compliance,  including  FCC,  UL  and
industry performance requirements.
Technical Documentation, Presentations and Support - complete documentation packages for engineering and
manufacturing requirements, including fabrication and assembly drawings, bills of material, test specifications
and procedures and source control documents. Technical presentation documents, technical overviews, and
technical program proposals for clients and prospective customers. Direct, develop, implement and support
technical content for industry trade shows and public demonstrations.
Technical Management
Product Design and Development - manage engineering groups performing electronic product design and
support, including circuit design, board layout, hardware and software development, packaging, testing and
product documentation. Multi-disciplinary teams included electrical, mechanical, digital/analog/RF hardware,
embedded  and  application  software,  engineers,  designers,  technicians,  material  management  and  project
management  personnel,  using  a  variety  of  computer  CAD/CAM/EDA  tools  for  schematic  capture,  circuit
simulation, board layout, RF circuit design, system simulation, logic design and mechanical design. Project
management oversight, including task, resource, milestone and schedule for internal and external resources
and deliverables.
Manufacture, Test and Product Support - manage design, fabrication, assembly, and test, utilizing in-house
capabilities and outside vendors. Identify, evaluate and approve contract vendors for prototype and production
requirements. Coordinate ongoing manufacturing operations and facilitate customer support.
Engineering Consulting - feasibility studies, program review, product design and technical analysis projects.
Perform  design  evaluation,  failure  analysis,  competitive  product  evaluation  and  cost  reduction  analysis
programs.

EDUCATION

Master of Engineering
Stevens Institute of Technology

Bachelor of Engineering
Stevens Institute of Technology

