Hessam Mirsaeedi

Security Specialist

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Hessam-Mirsaeedi/aac94d34497e66e7

With years of IT experience; Network Security in recent years, I can help your IT team with security and other
infrastructure projects. 

My expertise is to establish controls in support of your Security Policy and provide procedures and guidelines
around governance of controls.

Specialization: Firewalls, Internet access controls, anti-virus on hosts and workstations, PCI-DSS evaluation,
Information Protection, Vulnerability Assessment, Risk Profile and Risk Assessment.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Network Security Subject Matter Expert
THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY - 2000 to 2014

•  Executed  review  and  governance  of  Network  Security  systems  across  the  enterprise;  overseeing  daily
operations as well as audits and projects. The role included intensive collaboration with out-sourced and off-
shore teams who handled the operation of enterprise network.
•  Conducted  assessment  of  all  vulnerability  announcements  (desktop,  server,  network,  apps)  and  created
appropriate mitigation plan for operational teams. 
• Created Enterprise standards and guidelines for operational teams in multiple geographies and technologies’
• Participated in Mergers/Acquisitions projects as Lead IT person in pre and post transaction activities totaling
$850 million.
•  Contributed  to  Corporate  Information  Security  Policy  in  the  areas  of  firewalls,  content  filtering,  email
protection, intellectual property protection, and network and application access. 
• Certified for CISSP in 2002.

Network Manager
THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY  -  Midland, MI - 1994 to 2000

• Provided design, and then executed the merger of a multi-billion dollars oversees acquisition to corporate
network. 
• Managed the global network, wide-area as well as LAN components.
• (transferred to corporate Head Quarter in the US in 1998) 
• As Lead Engineer in a global team, provided design and roadmap to converge dissimilar corporate networks
into a single IP network that handled legacy SNA, IP and voice services under one management platform. This
was a major milestone in enabling IT as competitive edge in enterprise operations.

Senior Network Engineer
THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY  -  Germany - 1979 to 1994

•  Designed  and  implemented  consolidation  of  more  than  a  dozen  regional  computer  centers  into  a  single
center; delivering major savings and service improvement for all mainframe applications.
• Performed installation and maintenance of major IBM mainframe subsystems (email, CICS, SAP); retiring
costly proprietary systems.

System Engineer
EDS  -  Tehrān - 1978 to 1979
• Prepared specs for computer center and hardware, in order to implement centralized collection and payment
for National Health System of Iran (10+ million subscribers) as member of planning and implementation team. 
• Provided Telecom and field service support in pilot branch offices on automation projects for two major banks
in Iran.

Computer Programing Manager
Surveying and Mapping Company  -  Tehrān - 1976 to 1978
Designed, wrote code, and rolled out an application to convert field coordinates (from surveying teams) into
road path that was optimized for curves and grading; saving project time six to eight months.

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Computer Science
George Washington University - Washington, DC
1976

Bachelor of Science in Mathematics
Bowie State University - Bowie, MD
1974

SKILLS

Vulnerability Assessment, Patch Management (7 years), Information Security Policy (6 years), Firewalls and
internet security (10+ years), Governance of CheckPoint rulebase (10+ years), IT Service Management (10+
years), Network Security Implementation (10+ years), PCI-DSS (5 years), Websene web filter (10+ years),
Netwitness packet capture and alerting (5 years), Risk Assessment (7 years)

