John Chumbley

Lead Engineer, Technical Staff, Software Engineering

Marlton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/John-Chumbley/d97641a1c1244486

WORK EXPERIENCE

Lead Engineer, Technical Staff, Software Engineering
OKI DATA AMERICAS, INC - 2006 to 2011

Supported customers in resolving product implementation issues with an emphasis on minimal or no change
on customer end. Visited customer's locations in support of pre-sales opportunity when requested by Sales or
Marketing. Maintained software license key's for department software.
• Designed, implemented, and tested custom Label and Point of Sale (POS) product configurations to meet
customer needs for Financial, Restaurant, and Retail industry customers.
• Develop printer drivers for Windows 7 for use with Okidata Label/POS dot matrix, monochrome, and color
LED/Laser product.
•  Represented  the  company  as  the  America  Software  Engineer  Representative  at  the  worldwide  quarterly
meetings in Cumbernauld, Scotland, and Tokyo, Japan.
• Responsible for interviewing and orientation to ensure policies and compliance were met.

Senior Member II, Technical Staff, Software Engineering
OKI DATA AMERICAS, INC - 2001 to 2006

Supported customers in resolving product implementation issues with an emphasis on minimal or no change on
customer end. Managed / administered Software Engineering Test lab. Maintained hardware and configured
internal test network.
• Designed, implemented, and tested custom dot matrix product configurations to meet customer needs for
Financial, Restaurant, and Retail industry customers.
• Develop Unitool printer drivers for Windows 2000 and XP for use with Oki Data dot matrix, monochrome and
color LED/Laser product.

Senior Member, Technical Staff - OEM and F/W Development
OKI DATA AMERICAS, INC - 1998 to 2001

•  Designed,  implemented,  and  tested  custom  dot  matrix,  monochrome  and  color  LED/Laser  product
configurations to meet customer needs for Financial, Restaurant, and Retail industry customers.
• Develop Unitool printer drivers for Windows 2000 and XP for use with Oki Data dot matrix, monochrome,
and color LED/Laser product.
• Developed Install Shield installs for printer applications and printer driver installations.

Member, Technical Staff, Software Engineering
OKI DATA AMERICAS, INC - 1996 to 1998

•  Develop  Unitool  printer  drivers  for  Windows  3.1  and  95/98/ME/NT4.0  for  use  with  Oki  Data  dot  matrix,
monochrome and color LED/Laser product.
• Develop InstallShield installs for applications and driver installs.

Customer Service Software and Hardware Support
OKI DATA AMERICAS, INC - 1989 to 1996

•  Act  as  the  technical  voice  of  the  customer  analyze/identify/resolve  technical  problems  or  issues  from
customers, increase business, internally function as a resource to sales, marketing, research and development,
engineering and production.
• Provide technical support to domestic sales team for current products.
• Promote new products and company to customers..
• Review and provide updates to product data sheets and technical data packages.
•  Author  and/or  present  technical  reports,  technical  papers,  project  updates,  and  technical  overviews  for
internal presentation, and conferences.

Attend technical conferences, trade shows, and educational courses to remain current in the field as it relates
to existing and future technologies.

SKILLS

Business Requirement Analysis, Strategic Planning, Performance Management, Quality Resolution,
Customer Service/Technical Support

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL PROFILE

Programming Languages: Assembly, Pascal, InstallShield, DemoShield, Visual Basic 6.0
Printer Control Language Programming: PCL 4.x and 5.x, PCL 6,ZPL, ESC POS

