John Stachecki

Software Engineer - eBay Enterprise

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/John-Stachecki/d987d4b5bb24b77d

Information Systems Specialist with 15 years of experience in the creation of information systems. Strengths
include Information/Application Architecture, expertise in the Software Development Life Cycle, and identifying
and implementing industry best practices and standards.

• Programming • Data modeling
• Object-oriented analysis and design • Software Development Process improvement

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
eBay Enterprise  -  King of Prussia, PA - July 2011 to Present

Functioned as a Software Engineer for ICS, Email Service, and the Integration Services group
•  Participated  as  a  Software  Engineer  for  the  Integration  Services  group.  The  group  is  responsible  for
developing Java EE integration applications for various eBay systems and exposing them to external
customers, systems, and mobile devices via applications and apis. These systems include a web store,
shopping cart, inventory systems, order systems, payment systems, warehouse systems, etc.
• Implemented various new feature for the above systems which were generally written with Java EE 6,
Spring, Mule, XML, XSLT, XSD, they and utilized our message-oriented infrastructure which used
JMS/SonicMQ.
• Worked on a small team that fully developed our Email Service application following Agile methodologies
(using Jira and Rally) that included the full development lifecycle including requirements, architecture,
development, testing, deployment, documentation and production support
• We built the service with various additional technologies (such as Java, REST, JPA, JPQL, JSF, XML,
XSLT) that conformed to various design patterns and best practices.
• Developed and utilized best practices to make improvements to the service by utilizing UML diagrams,
design patterns, refactoring, and generalization to support the reuse of source code and a cleaner data
model
• Researched emerging technologies and tools such as Hadoop, jQuery, Clojure, Scala, Akka, RDF, OWL,
and the Semantic Web for possible use in our applications.

Software Engineer
GSI Commerce  -  King of Prussia, PA - July 2010 to June 2011

Functioned as a Software Engineer for the Integrated Configuration Service (ICS)
• Lead and implemented the ICS product through the software development life cycle including
requirements, design, implementation, and deployment to the end users and applications
• Created the software architecture and developed the component using Java SE 6 and various
OpenSource libraries.
• Utilized various continuous integration, source control, and project management tools such as Jira,
Rally, Bamboo, Subversion, and Maven to ensure a quality product and source code control
• Pushed the product through our internal server environment which consisted of a development, test, and
production tiers hosted on our Linux servers.

Information System Specialist

Towers Perrin - April 2008 to April 2010

Hewlett-Packard - Enterprise Application Services, Philadelphia PA
Functioned as a Technical Specialist for various projects.
• In this role, I was a member of the working group that was tasked with obtaining CMMI Level 3

Java/Web Application Developer
Towers Perrin  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 1999 to April 2010

Provided full software development life cycle services for several applications.
• Participated as an Application Developer for our group which was responsible for the full SDLC process
including  requirement  gathering,  application  design,  implementation,  testing,  and  production  support  for  a
15,000+ worldwide user base.
• Developed the companies Assignment Planning and Monitoring application used to manage all company
projects and budgets. The application was built using Java SE 1.4 and integrated with a SQL backend
database using JDBC and provided a browser front end using HTML and JavaScript via JavaServlets.
• Developed an enterprise web calendaring application that utilized XML and XSLT to provide data to a
browser front end created with HTML/JavaScript, and CSS

