Kristin Weidmann

Sewell, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kristin-Weidmann/ada87a6bb9950cd7

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Test Engineer I
TA Instruments  -  New Castle, DE - September 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
- Generate and resolve software problems using Test Track
- Use C# to program some applications
- Interacting and using Microsoft Office
- Look at file and registry behavior upon install and uninstall of a program
- Learning to automate test cases

Accomplishments
Learned to program with c#

Software Test Engineer
INNOVATIVE SOLUTIONS & SUPPORT  -  Exton, PA - November 2013 to September 2014

Contract software test engineer position
• DO-178B verification process:
o Performed requirements based testingin which test procedures were developed and executed to test the
completeness of the requirements and code.
o Robustly tested graphics rendering processor for the Integrated Flat Panel Display System
o Worked in complex system environments to test Flight Management Systems and Mode Control Panels.
o Generated and resolved software problem reports
o Performed code inspection analysis, code review, and structural coverage analysis
o Produced certification artifacts such as Software Test Procedures document in accordance with industry
standards.
• Worked extensive hours and weekends to meet high demand and short deadlines

Teller
WELLS FARGO - June 2012 to November 2013

Dealt with handling day to day transactions: including cashing checks, paying loans, depositing money.
• Sales oriented- ability to talk to a customer and interact with them.
• Ability to work together with other tellers and bankers to figure out solutions to the customers different banking
needs.
• Customer service presenting opportunities to customers to upgrade to wells fargo products which could be
of benefit to them and assuring customers had an amazing, friendly, easy, fast banking experience.

Teller
TD BANK - September 2006 to August 2010

Dealt with handling day to day transactions: including cashing checks, paying loans, depositing money.
• Handling commercial transactions involving large sums of money.
• As Commerce Bank transitioned to TD Bank, I started cross selling products, such as loans, CDs, and new
accounts in addition to other customer service related duties.

EDUCATION

Electrical and Computer Engineering
Rutgers University - New Brunswick, NJ
January 2013

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

I currently have my Computer and Electrical Engineering Bachelor's Degree from Rutgers University. I would
love to get more into the Electrical side of my degree. I have learned new and exciting things perusing the
Computer side of my degree, but the Electrical side is what I love. I would love to gain an entry level position
for electrical engineering and be able to learn new things and be able to help not only myself, but the company
succeed.

