Lou Porreca

Software Engineer

Malvern, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Lou-Porreca/1f9fb23d0a03eb0b

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
SunGard Financial Systems - February 2007 to December 2012

Worked  on  conversion  of  Sierra  Treasury  Management  components  to  J2EE/browser-based  system.
Developed enterprise java beans for database access using Hibernate annotations, processor modules to
handle  business  logic,  JSP/Controller  modules  to  handle  user  interface.  Used  Java,  JavaScript/JQuery,
Hibernate/Java Query Language, MVC, JUnit.
• Enhanced, maintained software components (business logic, reports, database access, SWIFT interface,
user interface) of Sierra Treasury Management front office and back office systems using C, SQL, Sybase,
Oracle, Solaris. Changes driven by customer enhancement requests, problem reports.
• Member of the database technical group; tasks include: reviewing any changes to Sierra database objects
or static data content, certifying third party ODBC drivers used for access to Sybase, Oracle, interface with
software release group.

Software Engineer, Lead Software Engineer
CyberSoft, Conshocken, PA - November 2003 to January 2007

Enhanced and maintained components of a computer security/virus detection software toolkit for Unix servers.
The toolkit components written in C, C++, shell script.
• Enhanced and maintained Linux software product for filtering email for computer viruses and spam. The
software components written in C, shell script, Perl, integrated with Sendmail.
• Implemented a test suite to improve the quality of virus and spam signatures, resulting in a better detection
rate, a drop in the occurrence of false positive and increased throughput.
• Created and executed system tests (function, user interface, load, performance, exception) for the computer
security toolkit and email filtering software.
• Packaged and maintained multiple releases of the computer security, email filtering products.
• Led project to design a server to automate the collection, cataloging, and analysis of computer virus samples,
and the testing and distribution of virus signatures.
•  Investigated  alternative  scan  engines  for  computer  virus  detection  and  emulation  software  to  simulate
execution of infected software.
• Managed software engineers, data analysts, and system administrator.
• Took customer support calls, diagnosed and resolved reported problems.

Technical Lead, Manager - Unix Product Development
Tangram Enterprise Solutions/Rabbit Software - July 1996 to November 2002

Member of a cross-functional corporate team chartered to define and design Asset Insight, a cross-platform
software product for managing the hardware and software assets of desktops and servers on a corporate
network.
• Led development of the Unix-based components and several web-based components of Asset Insight. Ported
to Solaris, Linux, AIX, HPUX, Tru64, using: C/C++, Java, shell scripts, Motif, Oracle OCI, SQL, Apache, tomcat,
JSPs, servlets, CORBA-based middleware.
• Worked with QA to formulate test plans from system specifications.

• Developed the SQL scripts for initializing the Asset Insight database control tables, the Oracle applications
to load asset data into the database, and maintained server components, including sockets-based agents.
• Received commendations for responsiveness in addressing/resolving customer support issues.

Technical Lead
Tangram Enterprise Solutions/Rabbit Software  -  Malvern, PA - April 1985 to November 2002

Malvern, PA
April 1985 - November 2002
Tangram marketed software products for managing desktop and server systems over an enterprise network.
These  products  utilize  client/server  architecture  and  Web-based  technologies  and  run  across  multiple
operating system platforms.
• Responsible for the development of the Unix/Linux-based components from requirements through delivery
and provided maintenance for the product releases.
• Wrote, reviewed system function and technical design specifications, coded and tested software components
and component updates, provided customer technical support.
• Worked with remote teams to plan and execute system integration tests. Set up and configured required test
beds on multiple Unix servers.
• Evaluated and recommended third party development tools and software components for product integration.

Project Lead, Developer
Tangram Enterprise Solutions/Rabbit Software - September 1993 to July 1996

Led development of AM:PM for Unix software for unattended distribution and installation of software packages
to MS Windows desktops and Unix servers utilizing multiple network protocols.
• Reverse engineered from AM:PM message protocol from IBM mainframe version.
• Coded and tested file transfer components and TCP/IP and SNA APPC interface modules.
•  Successfully  migrated  customers  from  mainframe  version  to  Unix  AM:PM.  Assisted  with  technical
presentations, product demonstrations, and customization.
• Ported software to Sun Solaris, IBM AIX, HPUX, made multiple major releases.

System Architect
Tangram Enterprise Solutions/Rabbit Software - November 1991 to September 1993

Architect of a Unix-based, enterprise network gateway product that enabled LAN-connected desktops, servers
access to IBM mainframe applications and managed by SNMP and IBM management tools.
• Compiled system requirements, generated system design, coordinated system integration tasks.
• Led development of the gateway configuration and management utilities and interface to SNMP.
• Composed and executed quality assurance test plans for system components and integration of third party
software. Performed beta test at customer sites.

Project Lead, Developer
Tangram Enterprise Solutions/Rabbit Software - April 1985 to October 1991

Led development of shrink-wrap connectivity products (terminal emulation, batch transfer, API) on Intel-based
UNIX workstations. Provided technical support over multiple releases.
• Maintained MS Windows client of LAN-based terminal gateway product.
• Led development and verification of source code packages for IBM SNA network components. Packages
ported to third party Unix systems. Provided technical support through customer acceptance.
• Assisted with composing porting guides, test plans. Developed, presented customer training classes.

Lead Developer
SNA Interfaces - September 1983 to April 1985

Fall, 1983 - April, 1985
• Investigated distributed application architectures for message handling, document interchange as input to
planning development of networked services. Served on office systems architecture task force.

Lead Developer, SNA Interfaces 
Fall, 1979 - Fall, 1983

Technical Staff
Burroughs Corporation  -  Devon, PA - December 1973 to April 1985

Technical expert
IBM Network Architecture - September 1979 to September 1983

IBM product emulation for Burroughs.
• Designed, developed software components that connected Burroughs systems as terminals, host systems
to IBM SNA networks.
• Developed, beta tested programmable branch controller software for Bank of America pilot project.
• Requirements, design of software for batch transfer with SNA hosts for the Federal Reserve Bank.

Programmer
IBM - December 1973 to September 1979

1973 - Fall, 1979
• Developed, maintained terminal emulation, batch transfer componnets for IBM, Burroughs networks.
• Enhanced, maintained compilers for internal product development.
• Developed text validation and statistic reporting modules for a Store and Forward Message Switch.

EDUCATION

Java Programming Course
Pennsylvania State University
2010

Computer Science Grad Courses
Villanova University
1975 to 1979

BS in Mathematics
Drexel University
1973

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Proven ability to:
• Design, develop, maintain, and support software products;
• Plan and execute software test cycles;
• Respond to software product issues in a timely fashion.
Key  strengths  include  technical  design  skills,  problem  solving,  learning  and  maintaining  existing  code,
programming skills: Java, JavaScript, C, SQL on Unix and Linux systems, J2EE/EJB experience, and excellent
written and verbal communication skills.

Involvement  in  software  projects  as  a  developer,  tester,  and  technical  lead.  Experience  with  SCRUM
development  framework.  Have  demonstrated  the  ability  to  enhance  and  maintain  software  products  over
multiple releases.
Experience with compiling requirements, writing and reviewing function and design specifications, software
packaging, evaluating third party software components and tools.

Technology: J2EE/EJB, Hibernate, JBoss, JSP, JUnit, Oracle, Sybase, ODBC.
Languages: C, Java, SQL, JQL, JavaScript/JQuery, Shell script
Methodologies, Tools: SCRUM, SDLC, Eclipse, dbVis.
Operating systems: Solaris, Linux, AIX, HPUX.
Networking: TCP/IP, SNMP, IBM SNA

