Michael Seigafuse

IT Infrastructure and Security Manager

Spring City, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Seigafuse/398a05b246d8bd6c

WORK EXPERIENCE

Technical Architect/Operations Lead
Aurea Software  -  Conshohocken, PA - September 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
After NextDocs was acquired by Aurea software I worked as Operations Lead for the NextDocs platform as
well as leading the qualification and migration from the NextDocs private cloud to Amazon Web Services

Accomplishments
Developed qualification documentation and technical procedures to migrate regulated applications to AWS.
Migrated customers from NextDocs private cloud to AWS.

Skills Used
Knowledge and experience managing GXP infrastructure. Hyper-V cluster skills and AWS skills were used to
execute the migrations. Also built F5 load balancer infrastructure in AWS.

Sr Program Manager SaaS
NextDocs Corporation  -  Conshohocken, PA

Responsibilities
Responsible  for  implementation,  operation  and  delivery  of  NextDocs  applications  in  a  SaaS  model  which
consists of Windows Server 2012 Hyper-V clusters managed using Systems Center 2012 SP1 with provisioning
automated  using  Orchestrator  run  books  which  install  and  configure  the  SQL  Server  and  SharePoint
infrastructure.
• Provide architecture guidance and hands on assistance with the implementation of the SaaS technology stack
including Cisco ASA firewalls with IPS, F5 load balancers, Force 10 switches, Dell R720 servers, Windows
Server 2008 R2/2012 R2, Hyper-V, System Center 2012 (including VMM, OR, SCOM and SCCM) in addition
to VMware and Linux all using Compellent & EqualLogic SAN storage with replication to a Disaster Recovery
data center
• Establish the project cadence and act as Scrum Master for the SaaS team, provide leadership and direction
to the team
•  Collaboratively  develop,  document  and  implement  cross  functional  processes  involving  sales,  services
support and product engineering
• Develop SLAs, monitor and report performance to customers. Develop KPIs, monitor and report performance
to company leadership
• Develop, document and implement Standard Operating Procedures, compliance documentation based on
ISO framework. Develop and deliver training materials for technical staff and all employees
• Develop validation procedures and all documentation to complete the validation of the SaaS infrastructure
to meet 21CFR Part 11 requirements including Business Continuity Planning and Disaster Recovery plans
• Working with Microsoft evangelists to develop an Azure based SaaS offering for the NextDocs product using
Windows Azure Pack to automate deployment using the same procedures for both private and public cloud
based offerings (implementation phase)

Skills Used

Infrastructure architecture, security policy development, hands on support in a virtualized Microsoft Windows
environment using Hyper-V clusters, System Center. Automated tasks using PowerShell and provided ongoing
support for SQL, SharePoint and federated identity.

Director of IT Operations
NHS Human Services - September 2014 to December 2014

Responsible for implementation, operation and operations of all NHS infrastructure systems and management
of the IT Operations team. Provide direction and leadership to the team of 12, organize work and mentor
employees.  Provide  leadership  on  the  implementation  of  best  practices  and  drive  the  advancement  of
technology including upgrading Exchange from 2003 to Office 365 (pilot), AD upgrade (2003 to 2008) and
implementation of user self-service tools

Senior Program Manager SaaS/Director of Cloud Services
NextDocs - May 2012 to September 2014

Responsible  for  implementation,  operation  and  delivery  of  NextDocs  applications  in  a  SaaS  model  which
consists of Windows Server 2012 Hyper-V clusters managed using Systems Center 2012 SP1 with provisioning
automated  using  Orchestrator  run  books  which  install  and  configure  the  SQL  Server  and  SharePoint
infrastructure.
• Provide architecture guidance and hands on assistance with the implementation of the SaaS technology stack
including Cisco ASA firewalls with IPS, F5 load balancers, Force 10 switches, Dell R720 servers, Windows
Server 2008 R2/2012 R2, Hyper-V, System Center 2012 (including VMM, OR, SCOM and SCCM) in addition
to VMware and Linux all using Compellent & EqualLogic SAN storage with replication to a Disaster Recovery
data center
• Establish the project cadence and act as Scrum Master for the SaaS team
•  Collaboratively  develop,  document  and  implement  cross  functional  processes  involving  sales,  services
support and product engineering
• Develop SLAs, monitor and report performance to customers. Develop KPIs, monitor and report performance
to company leadership
• Develop, document and implement Standard Operating Procedures, compliance documentation based on
ISO framework. Develop and deliver training materials for technical staff and all employees
• Develop validation procedures and all documentation to complete the validation of the SaaS infrastructure
to meet 21CFR Part 11 requirements including Business Continuity Planning and Disaster Recovery plans
• Working with Microsoft evangelists to develop an Azure based SaaS offering for the NextDocs product using
Windows Azure Pack to automate deployment using the same procedures for both private and public cloud
based offerings (implementation phase)

Consulting Engineer
Core BTS - September 2011 to May 2012

Deliver technology consulting and implementation projects for Core BTS clients in the area of IT Infrastructure,
including  Virtual  Desktop  Infrastructure  using  Citrix  products  (XenDesktop,  XenClient,  XenApp,  Branch
Repeaters and Netscaler) on multiple hypervisors including XenServer, VMware and Hyper-V. Also delivered
IT Security Auditing related and general IT consulting engagements

Senior Consultant
Configuration Management Inc - July 2011 to September 2011

On assignment at a Fortune 50 client as an Infrastructure Architect. Perform analysis of edge site infrastructure
and architect solutions moving applications and services to the core data centers using consolidation and
virtualization to lower overall costs.

Technical Consultant

Ithan Creek Systems - April 2011 to July 2011

Build a proof of concept VDI platform internal to Ithan Creek Systems using Windows Server 2008 R2, Hyper-
V, XenDesktop, Citrix Provisioning Services and XenApp.
• Provide sales support in preparation for client proof of concept implementations
• Deliver design, architecture, implementation and technical consulting services on XenDesktop and XenApp
engagements

Client Services Director
SABER SOURCE GROUP - September 2010 to December 2010

Responsible for delivery of IT Helpdesk and Infrastructure services for Managed Services clients. Provide
leadership and mentoring to staff, develop operational procedures, service level metrics and client delivery
reports. Interface with clients to resolve issues and schedule project delivery. Assist with sales process, partner
and technology evaluations and provide overall technology leadership.
• Defined delivery processes and documented usage procedures for MSP platform (LabTech)
•  Improved  utilization  and  effectiveness  of  offshore  team  by  clearly  defining  expectations  and  tracking
processes. This change improved client network health ratings (as measured by LabTech) by 10-30%
•  Developed  detailed  infrastructure  reviews  for  clients  that  spanned  desktops,  networks,  servers  and
applications. Developed client specific IT architecture strategies to move them forward and leverage SAAS,
IAAS and Cloud Computing to improve operations and cost effectiveness. Prepared and delivered personalized
presentation to client management teams.
• Assist sales with the development of proposals
• Developed detailed project plans to deliver projects for clients, coordinate and oversee delivery

KMS TECHNOLOGY SENIOR CONSULTANT
- April 2010 to September 2010

Developed process and procedure documentation focusing on improving QA and CM processes for a KMS
client that performs software development for the healthcare industry
• Lead global vendor selection project for KMS Technology, develop infrastructure architecture for AD, network,
Exchange, SharePoint, and web services for sites in the US and Asia. Architecture and designs were based
on Microsoft best practices for topology, design and sizing
• Developed implementation project plans for the network, AD, Exchange, SharePoint and web services and
turned them over to the offshore team for implementation

IT Director
Computer Sciences Corp - 2006 to 2009

Manage all IT operations for $300M healthcare and life sciences consulting division of Computer Sciences Corp
(CSC). Serve at CIO level, supervising distributed staff of 26 (8 direct). Administer multi-million dollar budget.
Oversee  business  systems,  applications,  voice  and  data  communications,  servers,  databases,  desktop
services, compliance, and procurement. Communicate extensively with remote staff in Asia to develop and
implement enterprise standards and technologies. Assist sales teams. Approve IT-related spending. Ensure
compliance with SOX and ISO requirements.

Computer Sciences Corp  -  Wayne, PA - 1995 to 2009

EDUCATION

Associate of Arts
Bucks County Community College - Newtown, PA

Penn State and Ursinus College - Collegeville, PA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
Operating Systems: Windows […] R2 server, Windows XP, 7, 8; Redhat, CentOS and Ubuntu Linux; AIX,
Solaris, and HP-UX UNIX
Hardware:  HP,  Dell  and  IBM  Intel  servers,  HP  PA  RISC  servers,  Sun  servers,  EMC  &  Dell  SANs,  Cisco
switches, routers and firewalls, Citrix Netscaler and F5 Big IP
Software:  Active  Directory,  MS  Exchange,  SharePoint,  SQL  Server,  Oracle,  System  Center,  VMware,
XenServer, XenDesktop, XenApp, Hyper-V, PowerShell, ADFS
Cloud Computing: Microsoft Azure, Office 365, Amazon Web Services

