Minkah Baraka

Cross Platform DevOps Engineer

Woodbury, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Minkah-Baraka/4c2f0ab321a8712e

TECHNICAL SKILLS: 

Amazon  Web  Services  (EC2,  S3,  Elastic  Load  Balancer,  CloudFormation,  SQS,  Route  53),  Compuware
DynaTrace, Microsoft Visual Studio, Microsoft Team Foundation Server, Microsoft Internet Information Server
(IIS), Active Directory, DNS, SDL Tridion Web Content Management, Cisco Load Balancer, JavaScript, XML,
MySQL, VMware and MS Clustering, MS SQL Server, Python, Ruby, Storage Area Networks (SANs), HP
OpenView, Orion Solarwinds, Kibana, Nlog, Log4Net, Logstash, Github and Network Attached Storage (NAS),
EMC Storage Area Network, Orion Network Performance Manager, Microsoft System Configuration Manager
and Microsoft System Operations Manager.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

DevOps Engineer
Associated Press  -  Cranbury, NJ - May 2012 to Present

Providing automated application and infrastructure deployment, troubleshooting, cloud service implementation
(AWS), deployments, DevOps, support and troubleshooting in a 24 x7 globally distributed environment. 

Typical job functions include automated builds of servers, applications and infrastructure via Jenkins, Amazon
Web Services (AWS), PowerShell, Linux Scripting, Ruby scripting and Puppet for scripting and configuration
management.

Using CloudWatch, Nagios and Orion for monitoring.

Providing support and administration of customer – facing web sites and real time data feeds to major networks,
including ABC, CBS, CNN, FOX. 

Also  providing  applications  and  server  infrastructure,  consolidated  logging  and  application  performance
analysis.

Systems Analyst III
Harleysville Insurance  -  Harleysville, PA - November 2011 to May 2012

Responsibilities  included  a  mix  of  system  infrastructure  operational  functions/tasks  and  projects,  including
SDLC and Change Management implementation, systems monitoring and capacity management.

Provided management and implementation of infrastructure utilizing Active Directory, VMware, SharePoint,
EMC Storage Area Network, Orion Network Performance Manager, Microsoft System Configuration Manager
and Microsoft System Operations Manager.

Information Systems Manager
Sancoa International  -  Lumberton, NJ - December 2004 to June 2011

Promoted from System Administrator to Information Systems Manager, planning, scheduling and implementing
stages  of  enterprise  software,  hardware  and  system  implementations,  including  implantation  of  Enterprise
Resource Planning (ERP) system.

Provided  leadership  and  administration  of  infrastructure,  including  Active  Directory  topology  design  and
configuration of forests, domains, sites, replication and Microsoft Exchange messaging platform.

Routine  activities  included  deployment,  configuration,  support,  upgrade  and  maintenance  of  Microsoft  AX,
Axapta and Dynamics, SQL Server and Citrix.

Also deployed physical and virtual Windows 2003/Windows 2008 R2 servers, created VMware farms, hosts
and guests.

Other  activities  included  implementation,  maintenance  and  operation  of  IBM  Fibre  Channel  Storage  Area
Networks (SAN), and setup and configuration of Dell PowerEdge blade servers and HP BladeSystem blade
servers.

Tools and skills utilized included Quest Migration Manager, Citrix, Cisco IOS, IBM SAN, Microsoft WSUS,
SharePoint, VMware, IIS and PowerShell.

EDUCATION

MBA in Management
Eastern University - Saint Davids, PA
January 2008 to January 2010

BA in Management Information Systems
Eastern University - Saint Davids, PA
January 2007

CERTIFICATIONS

Microsoft Certified IT Professional

GROUPS

Project Management Institute

