Nathaniel Milkosky

Software Engineer - Networked Products Division

Lawrenceville, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nathaniel-Milkosky/c0a353a1515f891f

To work for an organization that allows me to apply my skills in computer science, that challenges me to learn
new concepts and ideas, and that allows me to advance in my career.

Core Competencies And Skills
• Functional Programming
• Object-Oriented Programming
• Solution Design
• Communication
• Leadership
• Interface Design
• Up to date with technology
• Quick to adapt to new situations and learn
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
Networked Products Division  -  Newtown, PA - January 2016 to Present

Developed  new  functionality  for  network  and  bootloader  software.  Worked  with  embedded  C  in  order
to  produce  software  for  small  devices.  Wrote  code  review  and  software  testing  reports.  Worked  in  a
lab  environment  in  direct  contact  with  hardware  in  order  to  produce  quality  software.  Collaborated  with
management  as  well  as  other  software  engineers  in  order  to  understand  the  codebase.  Worked  with
Subversion for version control.

Consultant
Kinect Development  -  Princeton, NJ - September 2015 to December 2015

Developed a Kinect v2 tool in C# that records depth, visual, and GPS information about streets in JSON format.

Web Development and Maintenance (Consultant), Forked River NJ
Summer 2011 - 2015

Information Technology (IT) Intern
Enterprise Architecture Office Educational Testing Service  -  Princeton, NJ - June 2013 to 2014

Collaborated  with  various  members  of  different  departments  to  trial  telepresence  solutions  in  a  corporate
environment.  Worked  with  groups  of  varying  technical  knowledge  of  computers.  Analyzed  data  and
implemented  an  algorithm  that  would  present  the  connections  between  technology  services  in  a  "social
network" style graph.

EDUCATION

Bachelor's in Computer Science
The College of New Jersey
2012 to 2015

LINKS

https://github.com/nmilkosky

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills
Programming  Languages:  C,  C++,  C#,  Objective  C,  Java,  Python,  Lua,  Erlang,  Clojure,  Assembly,  Visual
Basic, PHP, HTML.
IDEs: Eclipse, QtCreator, JCreator, Visual Studio, Code::Blocks. Tools: Regular Expressions, Qt, Subversion,
git, POSIX threading, Virtualization Tools, Microsoft Office Suite. Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, Solaris,
Apple IOS and OSX.

Nathaniel J. Milkosky (732) […]
1103 Roundtree Place nmilkosky@gmail.com
Lawrenceville, NJ 08648 milkosn1@tcnj.edu

