Paramesh Kumar

Senior Director/Project-program manager

Lansdale, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Paramesh-Kumar/255abafef931c9f7

o Currently engaged in project management activities for projects for a big Pharmaceutical company.
o Managed IT support activities such as re-engineering of legacy Laboratory Management Systems, creating/
maintaining back end applications, managing multiple projects simultaneously, etc
o Management and coordination of a Unix-Linux migration project.
o Managing and coordinating product support and enhancement activities for a healthcare client.
.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Independent consultant
Encore Software Services   -  Remote - June 2015 to December 2015

Responsibilities
• Participating in and coordinating remote meetings especially during startup and discovery phases
• Working with project proposals for different clients
• Participating as a subject matter expert on Project management and processes
• Participating as an outside party to resolve issue and provide guidance in projects
• Analyzing business cases and proposals to determine feasibility.

Project Manager
Altisource  -  Fort Washington, PA - December 2014 to August 2015

Responsibilities
•  Responsibilities  –  Create  project  plan,  identify  requirements,  prepare  BRDs,  plan  and  coordinate  UAT
and  cutover,  Preparing  Risk  Management  Plan,  Coordinate  with  other  groups,  create  product  support
documentation, Coordinating with infrastructure group, create production support documentation, migrate and
deploy applications and data to target environment (data center)

Accomplishments
• Managing one of the workstreams in a data center migration (lift and shift) program. This is in the Finance
industry – 
• Working with a geographically diverse team distributed across USA and also offshore – coordinating with
offshore teams
• Working in a PMO environment, status reporting to PMO Senior manager
moving the Rescap datacenter in Lewisville to Ocwen in Norcross.

Skills Used
• Skills - Project Management, Requirement collection, Status reporting, Documentmanagement
• Tools/Technologies – MS Project 2010, MS Sharepoint, Visio, MS Office, Powerpoint

Senior Director/Project-program manager
Encore Software Systems - January 2011 to June 2013

Project Manager/Coordinator for testing

Encore Software Systems - October 2012 to February 2013

This involved coordinating with the user community and making sure that all their applications were tested in
the target Windows 7 environment. In addition, I was also in charge of making sure that the test infrastructure,
including physical machines as well as virtual machines, were setup, and available to the users for testing. In
cases where applications had to be remediated to make it working, then my task would be to make sure that
this is done in time by coordinating with the development groups, be they be internal developers or external
vendor groups.
Achievements
• Was able to successfully coordinate with all levels and categories of people from junior developers to Directors
and vendors, in a matrix environment
• Completed the project successfully, within schedule, and with full conformance to Merck's SDLC standards
• Was able to keep a good level of communication with the upper management by using weekly and bi-weekly
reports, and other notifications as needed.
Environment:
●Languages: • VB6, VBA, C#, Java
●Operating Systems: Windows 7, Windows XP ●Technologies: COM/DCOM, ODBC/ADO/DAO, ●Tools:
MS  Project  Server,  Word,  Excel ●Databases:  MS  SQL  Server,  Oracle ●  SDLC:  Waterfall ●Domains:
Pharmaceuticals

Project Manager/Coordinator
Encore Software Systems - September 2012 to February 2013

This was the second phase of the Career and Compensation Framework (CCF) project described below - this
involved a few attributes of the CCF which were not touched upon in the previous project.
Achievements
• Was able to successfully coordinate with all levels and categories of people from junior developers to Directors
and vendors, in a matrix environment
• Completed the project successfully, within schedule, and with full conformance to Merck's SDLC standards
• Was able to keep a good level of communication with the upper management by using weekly and bi-weekly
reports, and other notifications as needed.

Environment:
●Languages: • VB6, VBA, C#, Java
●Operating Systems: Windows XP ●Technologies: COM/DCOM, ODBC/ADO/DAO, ●Tools: MS Project
Server, Word, Excel● Databases: MS SQL Server, Oracle ● SDLC: Waterfall ●Domains: Pharmaceuticals

consultant from Encore Software Systems
Encore Software Systems - July 2011 to August 2012

Project Manager
Encore Software Systems - July 2011 to August 2012

HtR harmonization was a major program which was necessitated by a major merger - it was part of integrating
two different IT systems. Central to this is a single enterprise wide SAP based platform called COMET. This
involved integrating the career and compensation framework - the framework was for the whole of Merck,
the scope of this project covered one major department, mainly in the US; parts of the project which spilled
over to other countries were mainly handled by regional IT groups, but monitoring their progress was also
part of my weekly report to the program manager. I had the assistance of a BA to identify and analyse all the
programs concerned, and wherever remediation was required, it was my task to see that this was done. Part
of this effort was in analysing the SAP interfaces, suggesting additions and modifications to the interface for
the applications involved.

Career and Compensation Framework, budget over $1M
• Estimation for Budget preparation
• Scheduling and project coordination
• Resource planning
• Business Analysis

consultant from Encore Software Systems
Encore Software Systems - September 2012

EDUCATION

Bachelor's
College Of Engineering - Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala

CERTIFICATIONS

Project Management Professional (PMP)
October 2010 to October 2019

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

●Operating Systems: Windows XP ●Technologies: COM/DCOM, ODBC/ADO/DAO, ●Tools: MS Project
Server, Word, Excel ●Databases: MS SQL Server, Oracle ● SDLC: Waterfall ●Domains: Pharmaceuticals

Trident USA Health […] as consultant from Encore Software Systems
Role: Project/Program Manager
Re-engineering  of  legacy  Laboratory  Management  Systems  for  a  nation-wide  healthcare  group  -  Project
Management
• Estimation, scheduling and project management
• Risk assessment and management
• Critical Path analysis to prioritize tasks.
• Product analysis, Reverse engineering and documentation (including use cases)
• Process Analysis and establishment of a software development process
o Creating change control process for product enhancement
o Designing source code control strategies and processes
o Implementing a development environment
•  Resource  planning,  tracking,  identifying  skill  gaps  and  conducting  training.  This  project  also  included
implementing and upgrading the HL-7 interfaces. The client had plans for upgrading to an EMR system in
future, so this was also discussed during the upgrade process.

Unix to Linux Migration (Proof of concept phase)
• Estimation and scheduling
• Proof of concept phase coordination
• Negotiating with external vendors for system maintenance
• Participating in vendor selection for hardware

●Operating Systems: SCO Unix, Redhat Linux ●Technologies: ISAM datafiles ●Tools: MS Project, Word,
Excel, SVN, TRAC ●Databases: ISAM Datafiles ●Domains: Healthcare Industry

NeST TECHNOLOGIES, […] […] (NeST is a provider of end to end engineering services, primarily software
development).

Project Manager Business development (5/2009 […] Quakertown, PA
• Providing support for sales process automation for AM Networks, a group company
• Business development activities for NeST Technologies
• Project Management consultation.

Insurance  Services  Organization  (ISO),  Jersey  City,  NJ  (3/2003  -  5/2009)  As  consultant  from  NeST
Technologies
ISO is a leading source of information about property/casualty insurance risk.
Project Manager/Offshore coordinator
Managed and coordinated IT backend support projects with a team of 20 on-site/offshore resources
• Estimation, Schedule preparation and risk assessment.
• Business Analysis - Performed analysis and requirements development for all the projects.
• Resource planning and management
• Workflow analysis - Achieved several workflow improvements and performance improvements
• Managed a virtual, geographically distributed development team, participated in technical reviews.
• Prepared project progress/Status reports, risk analysis, keeping the customer satisfaction up.
• Coordination with suppliers of third party application vendors
• Managed 5-6 projects at the same time.
• Employed project management processes as outlined by PMI and quality standards like CMM
Environment:

●Operating Systems: Windows based OS ●Technologies: COM/DCOM, ODBC/ADO/DAO, Digital signing
of Word documents ●Tools: MS Project, Word, Excel, VSS, Install Shield ●Databases: MS SQL Server, MS
Access, SQL Anywhere, Sybase, DB2 ● SDLC: Waterfall, Iterative ●Domains: Insurance Services Industry

AM Networks , Quakertown, PA (3/2000 - 2/2003) A subsidiary of NeST Technologies
Project/Product Manager
Software suite to manage cable TV networks - Product support and maintenance for this product, which was
developed offshore in India (See below for details). Worked with an offshore team of 30-40 at a cost of around
$6M
• Setup project and product development practices modelled on ISO and CMM guidelines. No process existed
before.
• Coordinated field deployment, integration and testing with AM's field service team
• Coordinated software resolution and enhancement with the offshore team
• Managed the development of DOCSIS compliant monitoring hardware/embedded software
• On-site consultancy for SNMP issues, developed SAX Basic macro scripts for AM's SNMP Manager.
• Managed a geographically distributed project team.
Achievement:
• Stabilized the product to a point where an on-site development support team is unnecessary.
Environment:
Managerial Skills
• Controlling and managing an off-shore/on-shore project team
• Managing on-site field trials
●Languages:  C/C++,  Assembly 
language,  SAX  Basic  ●Operating  Systems:  Windows  based
OS,●Technologies: COM/DCOM, SNMP, DOCSIS, Object Oriented Design and Programming ●Tools: MS

Project,  Word,  Excel,  Power  point,  Visio,  Visual  Studio,  MFC,  VSS,  Rational  Rose,  Install  Shield,  MASM
●Databases: MS SQL Server, MS Access ● SDLC: Waterfall, Iterative ●Quality Standards: ISO 9000,
CMM Level 5●Domains: Cable TV network monitoring

Network Systems and Technologies (NeST Software), India (2/1996 - […] Trivandrum, Kerala, India
(Offshore development centre of NeST Technologies, USA)
Project Director […]
Promoted to Project Director, which is equivalent to that of the head of PMO after two serving 2 years as
Project Manager. Responsible for establishing guidelines for development and quality.
• Established guidelines for recruitment/hiring process, performance evaluation, and exit interviews.
• Presided over the largest staff growth in the company (100 to 400).
• Chairman of the SEPG (Software Engineering Process Group) - a body mandated CMM framework - guided
the software division towards CMM certification
Project Manager […]
Joined the company as Project Manager, quickly promoted to Senior Project Manager and handled major
accounts.
• Created a software suite for monitoring and managing cable TV networks (HFC networks), from concept to
completion. Managed a team of 30-40 professionals at a total budget of around $4M.
Used Object Oriented design and architecture, had both software and firmware components, and protocols
like SNMP and DOCSIS. Also used the quality framework and processes of CMM. The product suite is named
Omni2000.
Environment: Windows, C/C++, Assembly, SNMP

• Managed an off-shore development centre for a major account (Hitachi Ltd, Japan)
Succeeded in creating a major account which started with a pilot project consisting of a small team of 4 people,
and grew it into a major account with 40-50 professionals, geographically distributed between India and Japan.
The task was to develop software modules for Hitachi's thermal power plant control and monitoring software.
• Prepared project plans, schedules, risk analysis and managed multiple projects.
• Played the roles of architect, designer and mentor, established design and code guidelines.
Environment:
●Languages: C/C++, VB Scripting, ASP, SPL(Hitachi) ●Operating Systems: Windows based OS, HIDIC
80-E,  HIDIC  V90/25  (  Hitachi's  process  control  computers),  PMS  (Hitachi's  OS),  Renix  (Real-time  Unix)
●Technologies: COM/DCOM, ODBC/ADO/DAO, OCX, Object Oriented Design and Programming ●Tools:
MS Project, Word, Excel, Power point, Visio, Visual C++/MFC, VSS, Rational Rose, Install Shield, ● SDLC:
Waterfall, Iterative ●Quality Standards: ISO 9000, CMM Level 5●Domains: Process Control for Thermal
Power Plants

ELECTRONICS RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION, India […] Trivandrum, Kerala, India
Development Team Leader
• Led product development team to develop PC based control systems
• Developed Programmable Logic Controllers for process industries.
Environment:
●Languages:  QuickBasic,  C/C++  ●Operating  Systems:  Windows  based  OS,  MSDOS,  Unix  ●Tools:
Zortech C++ ●Domains: Process Control for Thermal Power Plants, Industrial Process Control

KELTRON  CONTROLS,  India  (Handles  turnkey  projects  for  designing,  installing  and  commissioning  Data
Acquisition (DAS) and Control and Instrumentation systems for Thermal Power Plants) […] Kochi, Kerala, India
Project Engineer
• Wrote custom software to customize Hitachi's Power Plant Control systems

• Installed and commissioned power plant control systems
Environment:
●Languages: QuickBasic, PCL (Hitachi), SPL(Hitachi) ●Operating Systems: Windows based OS, MSDOS,
HIDIC 80-E, HIDIC V90/25 ( Hitachi's process control computers), PMS (Hitachi's OS), Renix (Real-time Unix)
●Domains: Process Control for Thermal Power Plants

KERALA STATE ELECTRONIC DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION, India […] Trivandrum, Kerala, India
Project Engineer
• Developed software modules for data acquisition systems
• Developed firmware modules for proprietary process control systems.
Environment:
●Languages:  […]  Assembly  Language,  GW-Basic,  QuickBasic,  C/C++ ●Operating  Systems:  MSDOS,
Zenix ●Tools: Zortech C++, MASM ●Domains: Process Control for Thermal Power Plants, Industrial Process
Control

Summary of Skills
♦ Experienced in all phases of a project life cycle
♦ Good experience in Waterfall and Iterative models of SDLC
♦ Preparing project plans including resource and task schedules, and risk management plans.
♦ Handling requirement creep problems and change management issues.
♦ Experienced in Risk management
♦  Ability  to  analyse  user  requirements,  understand  the  business  needs  and  translate  to  requirement
specifications for the development team.
♦ Very good practical experience in team building and people management, including recruiting, performance
evaluation and mentoring
♦ Proven skills involving Resource planning & tracking, Team formation, allocation, milestones, Deliverables.
♦ Exceptional team-handling and decision-making skills, extremely well organized, with good communication
skills and committed to quality.
♦ Good experience on Identifying team skill gaps and training needs.
♦
♦ Basic familiarity with hardware and embedded software and experience in hardware-software integration.
♦ Thorough knowledge in MS products(MS Office applications, MS Project, ..)
♦ Excellent interpersonal and communication skills and a good team player.
♦ Good Knowledge in Technical Documentations and Presentations.
♦ Well versed in ISO 9000 and CMM quality frameworks.
♦ Languages: C/C++, VB, VBA, Unibasic, C#, ASP, FORTRAN, DELPHI, Pascal, SPL(Hitachi), Quick Basic,
GW-Basic
♦  Operating  Systems:  Windows  based  OS,  Unix,  Linux,  HIDIC  80-E,  HIDIC  V90/25,  PMS  (Hitachi's  OS),
Renix , DOS
♦ Technologies: COM/DCOM, ODBC/ADO/DAO, Digital signing of Word documents, SNMP, DOCSIS, .Net,
Object Oriented Design and Programming
♦ Tools: MS Project, Word, Excel, Power point, Visio, SVN, Visual Studio, MFC, VSS, Rational Rose, Install
Shield, Borland C++/OWL
♦ Databases: ISAM data files, MS SQL Server, MS Access, SQL Anywhere, Sybase, DB2
♦ SDLC: Waterfall, Iterative
♦ Quality Standards: ISO 9000, CMM Level 5
♦  Domains:  Healthcare  (Lab  Information  Systems),  Process  Control  for  Thermal  Power  Plants,  Cable  TV
network monitoring, Insurance Services Industry
♦ Other skills: Project management, Requirement analysis, Use case specifications, UML

