Robert Wheeler

Software Engineer

Trenton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Robert-Wheeler/b45737d4a6c57472

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROFESSIONAL

Experienced system engineer with technical expertise in AIX system administration. Recognized for success
in creating, implementing, and sustaining tools and processes while maintaining the availability of products
and services. Significant experience with AIX system administration of various IBM servers.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
TELCORDIA TECHNOLOGIES (Ericsson)  -  Piscataway, NJ - 2006 to 2012

Provided AIX and ISCP system administration for software related issues. Performed multiple software release
installs, backups, restores, upgrades, growths, and FTPs. Utilized Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) to perform
backups and restores of development and production servers. Configured arrays and logical drives for software
installations utilizing IBM SAN storage for blade servers. Performed multiple disk replacements on IBM servers
with disk failures and firmware upgrades on various systems where necessary. Installed and configured the
IBM VIOS server for Blade virtualization (LPAR).
• Provided system administration support for multiple AIX/ISCP software releases, which allowed Release
Management to meet software release commitment deadlines.
• Designed, developed, and administered online database (Oracle) website for all IBM blade backups for the
project. This web tool allowed all project members to successfully identify specific backups needed for restore
purposes, eliminating the previous time consuming manual process.
• Maintained web application/database (Oracle) ticket resource management system (TRM) for Lab Support
group. Created enhancements to the TRM web tool which helped Lab Support facilitate the completion of time
sensitive assignments.
• Designed and maintained Lab Support Specialist's intranet website with pertinent group information for the
project's perusal.
• Created automation scripts, eliminating redundancy and improving efficiency of manual procedures.
• Installed and configured customized unit testing (CUT) environments for specific development and testing
needs, which gave software developers a non-production system to test software code.
• Replaced faulty hardware to facilitate work requests, saving considerable time and allowing for the completion
of time sensitive deadlines.
• Assisted, mentored, and communicated with other Lab Support team members regarding work assignments.
Served as backup team lead, delegating and assisting with work assignments.

Software Engineer
ROTATOR STAFFING  -  East Brunswick, NJ - 2003 to 2005

Performed backup and restore functions of multiple AIX/ISCP software releases on servers. Installed AIX/ISCP
software applications across various IBM hardware platforms. Performed software upgrades using the ISCP's
upgrade server (JAVA based). Performed disk replacements on defective disks when necessary. Archived
PT-Staff group's system and database backup tapes.
• Provided system administration support for multiple AIX/ISCP software releases, which allowed Release
Management to meet software release commitment deadlines.

• Installed and configured customized unit testing (CUT) environments for specific development and testing
needs, which gave software developers a non production system to test software code.
• Replaced faulty hardware to facilitate work requests, saving considerable time and allowing for completion
of time-sensitive deadlines.
• Performed offsite restore of IBM servers at client's AT&T site, which assured commitment, quality, and service
to the client.

System Engineer
TELCORDIA TECHNOLOGIES  -  Piscataway, NJ - 1997 to 2002

Provided  AIX  system  administration  support  for  all  IBM  servers.  Supported  departmental  software  and
hardware  (IBM/AIX)  needs.  Installed  AIX  operating  systems  and  software  patches.  Activated/deactivated
security  access  to  the  ISCP  network  infrastructure.  Installed  and  compiled  third-party  software  (Apache,
Perl,  C++).  Maintained  600  mid-to-large  IBM  RISC  6000  servers.  Installed  and  upgraded  developer's  IBM
workstations. Maintained daily functionality of multiple ISCP development labs. Performed daily backups for
network file systems, build machines, and general purpose servers.
• Ensured that ISCP network (NIS/NFS) remained on-line 24x7, which increased developer efficiency.
• Monitored and regulated developer's file system capacity, which assisted with disk space costs.
• Repaired IBM hardware, reducing third-party maintenance expenditures.
• Assisted in new ISCP lab layouts/configurations.
• Provided 24x7 database administration of the OnTrac (Informix) server for internal/external client software
issues.
• Installed IBM (AIX) processors and configuring servers on the network, which enabled the ISCP project to
ensure its client commitments by having access to the software development servers.
• Designed and implemented the PCM/ISCP Staff intranet website.

Marketing Associate/Technical Liaison
MERRILL LYNCH  -  Plainsboro, NJ - 1992 to 1997

Designed and developed graphic presentations for high-net-worth clients.
• Produced numerous graphics and newsletters.
• Created inventory program for marketing materials.
• Coordinated maintenance for the computer equipment.
• Provided technical troubleshooting support for the department.
• Arranged system support for offsite locations - Chicago, Dallas, and Los Angeles.

Accounts Receivable Assistant
LIEDTKA COMPANY  -  Trenton, NJ - 1991 to 1992

Maintained computerized ledger system by entering daily invoices.
• Involved in frequent interaction with both customers and collection agencies.

Computer Operator
GENERAL ELECTRIC  -  Princeton, NJ - 1990 to 1991

Researched material requisition and purchase orders for system discrepancies.
• Updated Parts Decisions Support System (PDSS) for department.

Technical Support
NEW JERSEY STATE POLICE  -  Trenton, NJ - 1989 to 1990

Troubleshot all malfunctions and errors of the Automated Fingerprint Identification System (AFIS).
• Maintained on-line systems in addition to changing logical back-up tapes and optical disks.
• Furnished shift and daily reports for system support and conversion manager.

EDUCATION

DeVry Institute of Technology - Woodbridge, NJ

The Cittone Institute - Princeton, NJ

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Software
AIX, Linux, Tivoli (TSM), Oracle, SQL, NIS/NFS, Perl, CGI, HTML, JavaScript, Apache

Hardware
IBM processors (25T, 320, 43P, 44P, R30, R40, R50, H50, H70, B50, B80, P610, P615, P630, Blade JS20,
JS21, JS22, JS23, P7), Sparc (5, 10, 1000), Cyclone Front End Processors, SS7/X.25 links, Tekelec MGTS,
IBM switch/hub, CISCO routers.

