Robert Matthews

Product Management/Marketing professional

Willingboro, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Robert-Matthews/1026c60b3460253f

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Product Manager
Metalogix Software  -  Trevose, PA - April 2015 to Present

Owns  entire  cloud-focused  product  line,  taking  on  the  responsibilities  of  both  Product  Marketing  Manager
and Product Manager, including determining product positioning against competitors and parallel products
within the company portfolio, crafting cross-sell and upsell strategies for sales, drafting quarterly and half-year
financial projections for product line performance, creating pricing for the product line, and overseeing the
marketing transition from MetaVis to Metalogix including product re-branding, positioning, and evangelism. 

- Created and refines product positioning and marketing strategy that assisted in driving 7 consecutive quarters
of YOY growth in excess of 80%
-  Works  with  Sales  to  assist  in  POC  exercises  as  well  as  positioning  to  customers  and  drafting  custom
documentation for large deals.
- Drafts and oversees end-to-end production of e-books, including the most successful e-book in Metalogx’s
portfolio (3000+ downloads in a 3-day period)
- Works with PR firm to determine messaging delivered during analyst briefings and to media.
- Composes and delivers monthly webinars (including partner co-branded webinars)
- Owns sales enablement including the creation of training modules for the edX LMS.
- Oversaw the creation of a new licensing methodology and procedure for the Essentials product line.
- Drafts website content, datasheets, blogs, White Papers, Case studies, e-books, training documentation,
and videos

Product Marketing Manager
MetaVis Technologies (acquired by Metalogix Software)  -  Trevose, PA - July 2014 to April 2015

Assisted in the build out of the marketing team along with the SVP of Sales and Marketing and the Director
of Marketing. Vetted and assisted in the implementation of Marketing Automation systems as well as vetting
candidates and training members of the growing marketing department

-  Worked  closely  with  Product  Management/Development  to  determine  positioning  of  new  products  within
overall product line.
- Designed Messaging, content, and campaigns for new products/features.
- Wrote content for press releases, articles for news sources and copy for trade shows. Utilized competitive
intelligence to position products among competitor’s offerings.
- Designed and implemented campaigns to support and disseminate overall company message.
- Managed company website and blog, including composing content, making content and design changes, and
implemented SEO optimization based on industry best practices that drove 20% increase in trial downloads.
- Worked with Contractors, freelancers, and remote in-house staff to manage large scale changes to website,
documentation, and marketing campaigns.
- Ghost wrote CEO’s contributed articles for CMSwire.

Technical Writer/Technical Support Engineer
MetaVis Technologies  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2012 to July 2014

Wrote  and  maintained  the  user  manual  for  all  products  using  Adobe  RoboHelp  and  Helpiq.  Wrote  and
maintained  How-to  and  FAQ  documentation  on  the  website  as  well  as  blog  posts  in  the  company  blog.
Addressed, diagnosed, and solved Tier 2 & 3 customer issues through the use of detailed Java log, ULS, and
event viewer logs. Performed QA for new products and reported back to Product team/development. Worked
closely with the Product Team/Development to develop new features based on internal testing and customer
feedback.

Solution Center Consultant
Automatic Data Processing (ADP)  -  Newtown, PA - November 2011 to June 2012

Provides  a  set  client  base  with  with  high  level  application  consulting  as  a  subject  matter  expert  (SME)
on the VirtualEdge Applicant tracking system. Performs end-to-end project management for client initiated
projects including drafting project proposals and change control documents; managing the use and refresh
of configuration environments; and suggesting best practices and process management. Owns all aspects of
client relationship with the VirtualEdge division of ADP. Performs client relationship management to ensure
company reference ability and client satisfaction.

Technical Support Associate
Columbia University Information Technology (CUIT)  -  New York, NY - September 2009 to September
2011

September 2009 - September 2011
Provided technical support to students faculty and staff. Performed device setup, virus, malware, and spyware
cleaning provided software and hardware purchasing advice, provided technical specification and instruction
clarification, conducted user training and instruction for administrative and personal software.

Residential Technical Associate Manager
Swarthmore College Information Technology Services (ITS)  -  Swarthmore, PA - August 2008 to August
2009

- Managed the Residential Technical Associate group.
- Attended weekly management meetings
- Provided progress reports on projects in progress
- Recruited new Residential Technical Associates
- Trained new employees
- Oversaw Student Support
- Scheduled Residential Technical Associate shifts
- Reviewed, authorized, and submitted timesheets for employees
- Wrote Technical Documentation
- Created dual-boot images for faculty & staff
- Deployed public machines and faculty/staff upgrades
- Performed domain binding and support

Technical Support Associate
Swarthmore College Information Technology Services (ITS)  -  Swarthmore, PA - May 2007 to May 2009

May 2007 - May 2009
Conducted field and phone support for faculty and staff. Performed device setup and troubleshooting, virus
cleaning, domain binding, telecom setup and repair, software installation, network setup, and ticket escalation.

Residential Technical Associate

Swarthmore College Information Technology Services (ITS) - May 2007 to May 2009

Provided field and in-office technical support for students. Performed hardware and software support
ranging  from  installation  of  RAM  to  HDD  extraction  and  data  recovery.  Conducted  OS  troubleshooting,
repair,  and  re-installation,  Monitored  networked  print  queues,  instructed  students  on  the  use  of  college
systems and academic software, conducted virus, spyware, and malware scans and removal, recommended
software and hardware purchases and replacements, attached computers to secured network and carried out
troubleshooting on Cloudpath software.

EDUCATION

Master of Arts in Contemporary Lit, Culture & Technology
Columbia University - New York, NY
2011

Bachelor of Arts in English Literature
Swarthmore College - Swarthmore, PA
May 2009

SKILLS

● Conversant with Marketing Automation tools and Customer Management Systems (Hubspot, Salesforce,
Microsoft Dynamics CRM) ● Conversant with all forms of social media ● Proficient in product positioning
and packaging for marketing ● Proficient in Content Management Systems (SharePoint, Drupal,
Wordpress, Box) ● Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, LiveMeeting, WebEx, GoToMeeting, ReadyTalk,
Skype for Business ● Operating Systems: Windows, Mac OS X, Linux (Ubuntu, Kubuntu, Xubuntu), iOS,
Blackberry OS, Windows Phone, Android ● Knowledge of Unix code, command line, shell script, and
bash scripting, Active Directory, Domain Systems ● Proficient in Google services and Apps for Business.
● Proficiency in ATS, (Applicant Tracking Systems) ● Application, OS, and Hardware support on Mac
and PC ● Oracle CRM Database, Siebel CRM, Cornerstone Knowledge Management Systems, Lumin
Knowledgebase

