Ross Adjei

Software Engineer - Java, Python, DevOps, Data Analytics

Lansdale, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ross-Adjei/66a53ccf29c76396

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer / DevOps
Northrop Grumman  -  Conshohocken, PA - 2014 to Present

Served as member of Global Command & Control Joint team to develop Java/J2EE application that enhances
situational awareness through intelligence data, and analysis. Participated in all aspects of software life cycle
using Agile/Scrum software development methodologies.
Accomplishments include:
● Develop and maintain REST service with spring boot; deploy with docker image
●  Create  a  docker  image  (a  self-contained  capability  package)  that  enables  more  flexibility,  independent
delivery, and deployment to target users. 
●  Automate  repetitive  tasks  such  as  the  installation/configuration  of  applications  and  services,  patch
management, and deployments on Linux (RHEL/CentOS) with Shell Scripts. 
● Implement custom scripting solutions to improve operational efficiencies with Python. 
● Develop Linux RPMs, & Solaris Packages with Maven. 
● Participate in design workshops, code reviews/optimization, mentor Junior developers. 
● Use Jenkins for integration testing, JIRA for defect/bug tracking, & Git/Bitbucket to manage and share git
repositories.

Data Scientist
Northrop Grumman  -  Conshocken, PA - 2013 to 2014

Responsibilities
Worked in support of analytics initiatives for R&D program (i.e Sandbox), which repeatedly demonstrated how
analytics can provide adaptive solutions to some of the most significant challenges in the military domain.
Accomplishments include:
● Supported the Research & Development of data analytics system, collected and analyzed data.
● Used Pandas DataFrame to read in, clean, process, and visualized data and models with Matplotlib.
● Used Scikit Learn APIs for simple statistical data analysis; data extraction, & computation.

XQuery / Java Developer
Northrop Grumman  -  Conshohocken, PA - 2008 to 2013

Led a team of 4 to develop a high-throughput search engine (i.e. Enterprise Help System). Designed and
developed XQuery library modules that leveraged structured and unstructured data integrated. 
Accomplishments include:
● Developed Help System with Java OOP, XQuery Library Modules, jQuery and NoSQL/XML Databases such
as MarkLogic, & BaseX for Intelligence Analyst. Manage projects with Maven.
● Designed and developed various XML Schemas used by the Enterprise Help System application. 
● Implemented XML conversion tool with XQuery (transforms large legacy DTD based XML docs to XSD
based XML docs) to help cut down the company’s cost.

Software Engineer

MedRisk Inc  -  King of Prussia, PA - 2005 to 2008

Worked with a team to develop a Claim Expert system for the workers compensation industry.
Accomplishments include:
● Implemented Electronic Funds Transfer system. 
● Developed stored procedures (select, updates, insert, indexes) for enhancing performance for data access
with MS SQL Server with Java OOP.
● Led the implementation of code reviews that detected programming errors early in the development process,
accelerating product go-to-market time.
●  Automated  previously  manual,  time-consuming  processes  to  drive  gains  in  data  tracking/accuracy,  and
profitability.

EDUCATION

MS in Information Systems
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
September 2011 to June 2013

Bachelor's in Computer Science
Cheyney University of PA - Cheyney, PA
2000 to 2004

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT
DevOps & Big Data
● Ansible configuration management tool for automation.
● Python & Scala (beginner) for data analytics

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
Languages: Java, Python, Ansible, XQuery, XML, XSD, XHTML, CSS, JSON, JavaScript, Maven
Frameworks: Spring Framework, Spring Boot, Apache Hadoop/Spark, Apache Struts
Concepts: OOA/OOD/OOP (UML, Design Patterns/Principles, Refactoring)
Software: Eclipse IDE, PyCharm (for Python), Oxygen XML Editor
NoSQL/DBs: MarkLogic Server, BaseX, Hibernate, Oracle, MS SQL Server, MySQL, Sybase
Platforms: Linux (RedHat, CentOS, Fedora, & Ubuntu), Unix/Solaris, Virtual Machines, Windows
App Servers: JBoss, Tomcat, Weblogic
Other: Git/Bitbucket, Docker, SVN, JIRA/Confluence, Jenkins, Crucible, Maven Repo Manager (Sonatype 
Nexus, Artifactory)

CERTIFICATIONS & OTHER
- Earned Linux Certifications - LPIC-1, LPIC-2
- Obtained Active Dod Top Secret Security Clearance

