Ryan White

Software Engineer - mcaConnect, LLC

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ryan-White/de4ee02a34ce0deb

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
mcaConnect, LLC - June 2014 to Present

Remote office
Developer on the Delivery Services team, focusing on Microsoft Dynamics AX. Went through a six-month
comprehensive training in the Hatfield, PA office on Dynamics AX 2012 R3 and associated technologies.
Responsible for unique development projects spanning multiple clients.
• Sole developer responsible for $20,000 system integration effort. Developed web services to expose
sales and shipping data to external systems, along with custom hooks at AX transaction points to ensure
consistency between systems.
• Implemented code for agile, lean, and just-in-time manufacturing methods. Worked with functional
consultants on customizing project efforts to precisely fit client manufacturing styles.
• Proposed new AX 2012 R3 security technology to client CFO. Led the design, development, and presentation
of a proof-of-concept prototype. The new solution was trusted and implemented, saving an
estimated $10,000 when compared to the alternative security options.
• Developed reports for every facet of enterprise business using SSRS and PrecisionForms reporting
technologies. Consistently delivered production reports ahead of schedule and with performance
improvements.
• Took over for senior software engineer to manage client's data integration with external Cisco phone
systems. Documented and fixed over 80 service call. Delivered operation time improvements of 50- 150% on
dozens of calls.

Senior Project
Caring for Cambodia, NGO - January 2013 to April 2014

Worked with team of 3 other students to design & implement a school management system for public
schools in the Siem Reap province of Cambodia.
• Traveled to Siem Reap and Singapore and met with essential stakeholders to gather system
requirements.
• Managed $6,000 IT budget. Project under budget and ahead of schedule at handoff to next team.
• Trained and advised new 3-person team during project handoff,
4736 Umbria St, Philadelphia PA, 19127 | (802)488-5451 | ryan@rywhite.com

Software Developer, Intern
MyWebGrocer, LLC  -  Winooski, VT - June 2012 to December 2013

Intern for the internal software development team and member of agile development process. Regular
contributor of code and documentation to production environments. Worked remotely during school year.
•  In  first  summer,  successfully  supported  over  100  production  websites,  with  zero  customer  complaints  or
issues, in the absence of the full-time website support engineer.

• Ported 15 Classic ASP intranet tools to new international client's domain and environment. Post- completion,
wrote scripts automating future transfers of these tools.
• Created and maintained several mission-critical tools on the Windows platform, still used by both
Operations and Development teams within the company.

EDUCATION

B.A. in Computer Science
Lehigh University - Bethlehem, PA
May 2014

SKILLS

Java (4 years), C# (3 years), Python (1 year)

LINKS

http://www.rywhite.com

https://github.com/rywhite

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
• Database design/administration: Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, RavenDB
• Web design & frameworks: HTML5/CSS3, jQuery, ASP.NET, Zend PHP
• Programming languages: X++, Java, C#, C, PHP, Python, Javascript
• Operating Systems: Debian, CentOS, FreeBSD, Mac OS X, Windows
• Applications: Dynamics AX […] Dynamics AX 7, SQL Server Mgmt. Studio, SQL Server
Reporting Services, Visual Studio, Eclipse IDE, Word, Excel, Visio, Photoshop

