Ryan Brown

- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ryan-Brown/9a586c5dfb3ba68c

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Engineer III (Project Manager)
Honeywell  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - October 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
Manage  projects  that  support  New  Product  Introduction  (NPI),  Value/Cost  Engineering(VE/CE),  Insource/
Outsource and Supplier Transitions, and cost savings projects. Manage and drive project deliverables, ensure
for  correctness  and  completeness  for  ISC  functions,  (Documentation  Configuration  and  Control,  Demand
Planning,  Manufacturing,  Test  &amp;  Tool  Engineering,  Sourcing,  Service  &amp;  Repair).  Continuously
improve and document the process through implementation of six sigma tools, best practices, experiences,
utilizing tools such as: FMEA, Control Plans, Rapid Problem Solving (RPS), lessons learned, best practice
knowledge sharing, etc

Project Manager
United Technologies Corp  -  Rockford, IL - 2014 to October 2015

Responsibilities
Oversee up to eight projects simultaneously. Develop and manage annual budget, averaging seven million
dollars per project for the life of the program. Communicate with other team leads, program management
and customers to mitigate risks and keep projects on task. Lead efforts to meet software level requirements,
development, testing and initial production. Create Tier 4 schedules for each software project. Develop and
execute plans to meet program and customer milestones. Create Statement of Work and Purchase Orders to
negotiate contracts with outsourcing companies. Manage the staff and their tasks, with onsite and outsourced
team members.

Senior Systems Engineer
Lockheed Martin  -  Moorestown, NJ - March 2008 to April 2014

Support the development and test of the Aegis Command and Decision portion. Test new functionality for
BMD 5.0 engagement system. Create test procedures for Aegis BMD testing. Verification of requirements
implementation through detailed data analysis. Document errors and verify errors are corrected by the software
team. Support design and code reviews from the software team. Wrote and created specification changes
for multiple components. Assisted in writing and review of C2I White Paper for Aegis BMD baseline. Verify
documented errors and confirm fixes upon implementation of errors, via testing on Aegis simulator.

Re-Architecture Lead / Lockheed Martin
EMF - January 2012 to May 2012

Moorestown, NJ
Lead effort to re-architecture engagement management function (EMF). Lead a team of software and system
engineers to organize code to a more open architecture, with test engineers to verify that no functionality was
lost in the process. In addition to testing with the team.

System Track Manager Requirements Lead / Lockheed Martin
HCM IRAD/Proposal  -  Montréal, QC - October 2007 to March 2008

QC
System Track Manager Requirements Lead. Worked on HCM IRAD/Proposal. Designed Activity Diagrams,
using SysML, and derived requirements for the SRS. Generated spec for System Track Manager. Wrote Test
Procedure and Test Plans for multiple components of HCM.

Systems Engineer / Lockheed Martin
Moorestown, NJ - July 2007 to October 2007

Worked Integration and Test for DDG 1000 program. Developed test cases in DOORS at the ensemble level.
Tested code using a simulation tool to determine if code was adequate enough to meet the requirements
written.

Systems Engineer / Lockheed Martin
Hampton, VA - April 2006 to July 2007

Administered  signals  database  for  the  entire  DDG  1000  program.  Created  reports  and  queries  as  well  as
organized them in MS Access.
• Developed system requirements for the Ships Resource Manager. Wrote use cases and sequence diagrams
in  the  IEM  Model,  using  Rational  ClearCase.  Reviewed  and  critiqued  peers  requirements  for  errors  and
accurate information.

Embedded Software Engineer Associate / Lockheed Martin
Akron, OH - June 2004 to April 2006

Participated in multidisciplinary research and collaborated with equipment designers and hardware engineers
in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems software. Provided
software engineering support by creating and assisting with coding, testing, and documentation.

DEVELOP Program / NASA Langley  -  Hampton, VA - October 2003 to May 2004

Conducted  initiatives  that  extended  NASA  Earth  Science  research  to  local  communities.  Demonstrated  a
prototype application of NASA Earth Science measurements and predictions addressing local policy issues
to various community leaders.

Washington Baltimore-Hampton Roads Alliance  -  Norfolk, VA - August 2003 to May 2004

Conducted research on a variety of employment positions using the theory of critical path analysis to determine
the most efficient use of time.

Langley Aerospace Research Summer Scholars (LARSS) / NASA Langley  -  Hampton, VA - June 2003
to August 2003

Developed a user-friendly website for the security department, as a link to NASA Langley Home Web Page.

EDUCATION

Masters of Science in Engineering Management
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
March 2013

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
Norfolk State University - Norfolk, VA
May 2004

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Related Skills
Systems  Engineering,  Rational  Rose,  SysML,  Rhapsody,  DOORS,  Clearcase,  Unix,  SQL,  C/C++
Programming,  MS  Access,  XML,  Data  Structures,  Java  Programming,  Discrete  Structures,  Assembly
Language,  Software  Engineering  and  other  CASE  tools.  Possesses  good  people  skills,  excellent
communicator with strong interviewing skills; works well as a member of an integrated project team (IPT) or
as a self-starter.

