Sam Younan

Director of Corporate Software Development - Sabre Systems Inc

Burlington, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sam-Younan/50c7bcdcae2db5db

Highly  professional,  foresighted  and  analytical  IT  professional  with  extensive  experience  delivering  cost-
effective  software  solutions  &  serving  hundreds  of  employees  and  customers.  Demonstrated  strengths  in
corporate engineering, technology implementation, development and management of diverse technical teams.
Recognized for exhibiting excellence in performance, productivity, and growth strategies. Experienced in the
pharmaceuticals, financial, and government contracts industries. Open & willing to relocate in the US and
internationally to select locations.

- Executing project on client & business process needs and developing a roadmap for the evolution of the IT
Architecture through planning and integration of legacy environments into a transformed environment.
- Competencies entail participation in and management of application development projects in enterprise and
Financial Solutions.
- Verifiable experience in Project Management Life Cycle including project planning, scheduling & negotiations
with the client for service level agreements / terms, project progress monitoring and delivery as per quality
and time terms.
- Demonstrated skills in managing on-site team members throughout the project Lifecycle while maintaining
coordination with stakeholders and providing them regular updates about the project.
- Experience in IT strategy planning, budgeting, and implementation, as well as web development, object-
oriented analysis and design, relational databases, SharePoint architecture/administration and client server
applications.
- Analyst, with a flair for adapting quickly to dynamic business environments and adopting a pragmatic approach
in improvising on solutions and resolving complex business issues.

Profit Driven Analysis & Strategic Measures Project Management & Sustainable Solutions
Acknowledged for capacity to analyze issues, expedite innovative solutions, and build the type of consensus-
driven environment that contributes to on time, on-budget delivery.
Recognized for ability to establish, target, and meet all facets of the project Lifecycle to achieve critical goals
& provide competitive IT Solutions.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Director of Corporate Software Development
Sabre Systems Inc  -  Warrington, PA - 2005 to Present

Lead IT projects and involved in accomplishing project deadlines. Directed and steered functions like defining
scope, assigning priorities, delegating responsibilities and managing recruitments. Highly instrumental in the
delivery of cost-saving, firm-wide payroll software to a commercial client, building an interactive website for
another client, and the introduction of the EPM Live Work Engine to streamline in-house project management.
- Effectively leading a team of application engineers with variety and in depth scope of responsibilities such as
Analysis, design, implementation, and testing functional/upcoming applications, daily management of support
resources, migrating applications, performing training (on-site/off-site) operations, participate and contribute
during  development  meetings  with  clients  (internal/external),  monitoring  smooth  functioning  of  production
environments and collaborating with Project Engineering Team and Architecture team.

-  Engaged  in  definition,  design,  development  and  maintenance  of  specific  MIS,  including  production  and
maintenance of associated documentation. Rendered operational support for the creation of relevant data files,
databases, reports, prints etc. in daily operations.
- Scope of responsibilities expands to render constant technical support for applications to ensure optimal
durability and reliability - Investigated and resolved technical operational issues of the applications and involved
in training end-users by means of verbal personal instruction and specially designed documentation.

- Played a key role in framing project plans, managing cost, scheduling, and performance, producing project
status  reports,  monitoring  project  activities,  and  establishing  rapport  and  maintaining  communication  with
stakeholders at multiple levels.
- Conceptualized, designed, proposed and managed a project management software solution from EPM Live
that changed the entire company's project portfolio management (PPM) and is being utilized by all project
managers.
- Highly instrumental in improving interdepartmental coordination and reducing administration costs by 30%
through  the  implementation  of  the  SharePoint  2010  User  Profile  and  My  Site  features.  Configured  and
managed the implementation of SharePoint 2010 Form-based Authentication for Extranet sites utilizing an
FBA suite for user management.
- Upgraded SharePoint with latest versions to allow the use of InfoPath forms automations and other business
intelligence capabilities.

IT Project Manager - Senior Consultant
Sabre Systems Inc  -  Warrington, PA - 2001 to 2005

Instrumental  in  planning  and  executing  innovative  strategies  to  achieve  objectives  for  infrastructure
improvement; redefined the scope of the project and coordinated resources. Built and managed successful
client relationships ensuring all business needs were met.
- A key player in the development of strategies for several in-house systems; including assisting with validation
and data collection on all systems and development of test strategies for transitioned applications.
-  Achieved  all  project  objectives  within  a  short  period  of  time;  defined  Statement  of  Work  for  the  project,
identified  server  and  application,  created  a  copy  of  server  and  application,  and  coordinated  to  execute  a
Statement of Work.

Highlights during the tenure include -
- Creation of the Radio Sawa website, www.radiosawa.com.
-  Configuration  of  SharePoint  Sites  for  numerous  government  clients  including,  the  Drug  Enforcement
Administration, Naval Sea Systems Command 04, Expeditionary Airfields, Census Bureau, TACAMO, and
PMA 261.
- Prepared, installed, configured, and upgraded finance software suite: Deltek CostPoint, Deltek e-Timesheet,
Deltek CostPoint CRM, and Deltek Enterprise Planner applications.
- Implemented Primavera Project Management Product Suite which includes application server, SQL database
server, and Primavera client server.
-  Successful  deployment  of  SharePoint  Team  Services  of  Cherry  Hill  Public  School  System  and  Adolor
Corporation.
- Effectively utilized Visual Basic, XML and MS Exchange development to design and implement a commuter
matching system for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority.
- Designed and developed the company intranet http://www.mysabre.com using classic ASP with Microsoft
SQL2000 database.

Senior Software Developer
Advanta Business Services  -  Voorhees, NJ - 1997 to 2000

Research Analyst
Bristol-Myers Squibb  -  New Brunswick, NJ - 1995 to 1996

EDUCATION

PMTI Institute
2011

College of Southern Maryland - Lexington Park, MD
2010

Master of Computer Science in Computer Science
New Jersey Institute of Technology - Newark, NJ
2000

Bachelor of Science in Chemistry
Jersey City University - Jersey City, NJ
1995

Princeton - Princeton, NJ

CERTIFICATIONS

PMP - Project Management Professional

MCPS: Microsoft Certified Professional

ITIL Foundation

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILL SET

Languages
• ASP Dot Net / C / C++ / C#
• JavaScript / VB Script
• ASP / XML / HTML / DHTML
Relational Databases
• MS SQL Server 2000/ 2005, 2008, 2014
• MS Access […] 2013
• SQL*PLUS

Applications and Tools
• Microsoft Office 365
• Windows Azure
• Share Point Portal 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013
• SharePoint Designer 2007, 2010, 2013
• Microsoft InfoPath 2007, 2010, 2013
• Microsoft Project 2010, 2013
• Deltek Product Suite
• SharePoint Control Point

• FBA Suite for SharePoint 2010

Operating Systems:
• MS Windows Server 2003, 2008, 2012
• MS DOS/ MS Windows XP / Vista, 7
• Linux Ubuntu

Hardware/Virtualization
• MVware, Open Box
• Dell Servers / Workstations
• HP Servers

