Shawn Laguerre

Feasterville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shawn-Laguerre/c2673be8ab896ee8

To apply and further develop my IT skills while advancing my career interests in information systems and
technology through a full-time position

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
CTDI  -  West Chester, PA - October 2014 to February 2015

Responsibilities
Engineer in set top box division
Refined, debugged, and managed Gen5 software for Verizon Clean and Screen production operations for the
IPC1100 & VMS1100 models (C# programming language)
Clean and Screen production validated refurbished set up boxes by running a series of tests to make sure
the boxes worked properly

Accomplishments
Successfully refined the Gen5 software for IPC1100 & VMS1100 models.

Skills Used
C#

Customer Service Representative
Educational Testing Services  -  Ewing, NJ - April 2014 to September 2014

Assisting customers with an AP Ordering system online via phone
Processing transactions when schools call to order AP exams, or ancillary materials.
Providing coordinators and principles with instructions on how order exams, filling out incident reports, and
generating invoice for the exams.

Clerical Assistant
Education Testing Services  -  Ewing, NJ - May 2013 to August 2013

Entered data into Excel spreadsheets.
Provided technical support via phone to teachers and students involved in grading tests and test scores.

Application Analyst
Temple University  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2012 to May 2013

Information Technology capstone project.
Worked in a group of six to identify a business problem and design a system solution
Used an object oriented Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) approach
Analyzed  business  situation  by  interviewing  the  client,  understanding  and  documenting  their  business
requirements and system goals
Developed a system solution for the business situation
Coded business solution using C#, SQL, CSS, HTML and AJAX in an agile development approach
Engaged in unit, integration and system testing to ensure system worked properly, to avoid software bugs

Customer Service Coordinator
TJ Maxx  -  Langhorne, PA - June 2006 to November 2010

Focused on making sure customers were satisfied with products and services they received. Interacted with
customers over the phone and in person.
Dealt with complaints, answering questions, introducing new products and services, and providing advice.
Lead in handling cash in registers, making sure other cashiers worked well as a team, with customers each
day, and recovery during closing.
Managed daily operations and personnel of the entire facility.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts in Management Systems
TEMPLE UNIVERSITY, College of Science & Technology - Philadelphia, PA
December 2013

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS
C# – Refined and debugged a Clean and Screen software for Verizon set top box models. Added certain tests
for different set top box models to validate the refurbished set top boxes worked properly during production.
ASP.NET - Web and windows applications, user interfaces, event handling, database design and ADO.NET.
Web  Services,  Ajax,  user  controls,  and  report  generation.  Designed  and  programmed  a  client/server
application using Visual Studio 2012.
Designed an airline reservation system which included registering new customers, add/delete flights, modify
flight time, and reservations. Used database tables for customers, flights and airport codes
Designed a vacation reservation system which included a login and registration pages (used cookies to keep
track of items in cart). A Travelocity type system.
-Partner project creating a hotel service. User would select a hotel at the certain destination the customer is
staying.
-Used a web service to link together classmates' rental car service and airplane service.
-Developed functionality to calculate the total dollar amount the user will owe for the services he/she ordered
-Developed a customer sales report and inventory report
SQL - Designed and diagrammed databases in a final project that dealt with creation of tables with primary
and foreign keys, triggers, and maintaining database integrity. Populated databases with SQL statements and
with stored procedures
Java - Applied problem solving methodologies, the top-down approach, use of classes, and data abstraction.
Designed  several  object  oriented  java  programs  implementing  linked  lists,  binary  search  trees,  recursion,
sorting, and inheritance

