Simhachalam Panduri

Software Engineer

Devon, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Simhachalam-Panduri/e6bbef3527a7d3d4

• About 2 years of IT experience in analysis, design, development and testing of JAVA Web and
Desktop applications
• Excellent knowledge of Core Java, JSP, Servlets, XML, JavaScript, JQuery
• Strong database connectivity skills MS SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle(PL/SQL), IBM DB2
• Capable of delivering optimized, effective and well documented code independently
• Solid background in Object-Oriented analysis, design and development
• Functional domain experience in Banking and Finance domains
• Excellent communication skills
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
TATA Consultancy Services Ltd - June 2012 to July 2014

Project: RTCC, CITI BANK NA
Client: CITI BANK
Role: Developer
Description:
RTCC  is  a  middleware  application  generic  integration  tool.  It  uses  TIBCO,  EMS  services  to  communicate
between applications. It has ability to process messages in any format (XML, JSON,
Text, etc.) and deliver it to destination in the format that is requested by the destination. It has three
applications Event Cloud, Event Metrics and Event Dashboard.
Environment: Java, Eclipse, Notepad++, JSF, JSON, Apache Tomcat 6.0, SQL Server R2, JQuery,
XML parser.
Responsibilities:
• Based on the client designed POC, we have to provide the solution and development initial layer of the project
• Implemented file based authentication for our application using JavaScript and AJAX
• Developed generic parser which parses messages based on the metadata (DB config.)
• Written UNIX script to automate day to day manual Administrator activities to check CPU usage and other
tasks
• Performing the JUNIT test cases for the layers based requirements
• Managing other team member for integration of features

Project: Virtual Account Management- II
Client: Bank of America
Role: QA Tester
Description:
Virtual Account Management (VAM) phase-II is a new project capability in UK, Germany and Ireland,
that will allow clients (Corporate, Non-Banking Financial Institutions, Financial Institutions) to sub- divide their
accounts in order to improve their ability to manage and auto-reconcile their trading
partners Payments and Receipts. It will improve the client experience to be able to self-service the virtual
account, which would in turn reduce any Bank of America - Merrill Lynch operational impact from an increased
demand for the service.

Environment: Java, Notepad++, Para soft, XML parser.
Responsibilities:
• Analyzing and understanding the requirement document
• Generation of the test case template
• Creation and execution of test cases
• Involvement in Smoke tests, Functional tests and Regression tests
• Creation of the test report for test executions
• Involved in Triggering and Clustering of Queue Managers

ACADEMIC PROJECT:
Project: A web based application for monitoring patient's health
Description:
This application monitors patient's health by storing the patient's health information. It also shows the
Personal information, Previous Visits, Upcoming Visits, Medical History and addition information of the patient.
Patient can view the information in his/her personal account, pull the previous medical
records and also book appointment with doctors.
Environment: Java, JSP, HTML, CSS, MS Access, Eclipse.
Responsibilities:
• Analyzing and understanding the requirements
• Involved in extensive analysis, enhancement design and coding
•  Involved  in  weekly  meetings  with  a  faculty  advisor  to  discuss  accomplishments,  planned  tasks  and
responsibilities to meet deadlines
• Involvement in unit testing of the code

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Computer Science
Villanova University - Villanova, PA
August 2014 to May 2016

Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Instrumentation
GITAM University - Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh
September 2008 to April 2012

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Programming Languages: C, C++, Core Java, JavaScript, JQuery, JSF, JSP, Servlets, SQL,
COBOL, Python, XML, Maven
Web/ Application Server: Apache Tomcat
Web Technologies: HTML, CSS
Operating Systems: Windows, UNIX, Z/OS, Sun Solaris
Databases: MySQL, Oracle(PL/SQL), SQL Server, MS Access

