Sowmya Moturi

Software Engineer at Siemens Medical Solutions

Devon, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sowmya-Moturi/cbbd71ae2a34ed05

An entry level software developer with experience agile methodologies and continuous integration process
coupled  with  strong  academic  background  in  the  areas  of  Computer  Science,  Data  Mining  and  Machine
Learning.

Languages Java, C, SQL, PL/SQL,
J2EE Technologies JSP, JDBC
Web Skills HTML, Java Script, CSS, XML
Web Servers IBM Web Sphere, Tomcat, Apache
Databases Oracle, SQL Server, MS Access
Software products Visual Studio, MATLAB, DSPACE, Drupal, IBM Rational Clearcase.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
Siemens Medical Solutions - February 2010 to Present

Platform: SQL Server 2005, IBM WebSphere.
Siemens is a leading health care solutions provider worldwide and is known for bringing together innovative
medical technologies and health care information systems. As a engineer in Soarian Financials Environment
Team
● Develop and support the continuous development and deployment infrastructure for different teams based
on their requirements
● Automate the environment setup and the failure recovery process to ensure robustness
● Developed applications for monitoring the production and the test environments
● Wrote scripts to generate email notifications about the latest software versions available
● Familiar with agile software development process

Software Developer
Villanova University - December 2008 to February 2010

Platform: Java, PostgressSQL, Apache Ant and Tomcat.
Villanova University offers digital library available for the members of Computer Science Teachers Association
(CSTA).
● Enhanced the application to share it with the student groups
● Revamped the business logic layer for robustness and scalability
● Implemented the rating system for the digital resources for the sake of analytics
● Implemented an interface for the migration of data from other digital libraries
● Involved in functional and regressive testing of the application
● Documented all the architectural details of the project

Programmer Analyst
Cognizant Technology Solutions - December 2007 to August 2008

Platform: QTP, Test Partner

Cognizant  Technology  Solutions  is  a  leading  provider  of  information  technology  and  business  services.  I
worked with the ACOE (Automation testing center of excellence) team that promotes collaboration and using
best practices to improve the quality and testing capabilities
● Worked closely with the developers to design test plan
● Responsible for writing functional and regression tests for the business logic layer
● Responsible for automating the GUI based tests.

Independent Study
Designing a Neural Network for Stock Market Prediction
Platform: Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL
(This project is part of the research work done at Villanova University.)
Predicting the probability of profit margins and Increasing the optimal return value for the investments is an
interesting problem in stock market.
● Designed a neural network to apply the data mining techniques to solve this problem
● Designed and implemented an algorithm with stock metrics that effect stock price as inputs and achieved
more reliable outputs than the existing models

EDUCATION

Master of Sciences in Computer Science
Villanova University

Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communications
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Operating Systems UNIX, Windows XP / 98 /2000, DOS.
Testing Tools QTP, Quality Center, Test Partner.

