Sruthi Reddy

Software Engineer

Harleysville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sruthi-Reddy/a6c4c8d50aaa193e

•  Having  Extensive  experience  in  Analyzing,  Designing,  Development,  Testing  and  maintenance  of  web
application with good exposure to full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
•  Experience  in  Developing  Applications  using  Visual  Studio  […]  .NET  Framework  4.0/2.0,  C#,  VB.NET,
ASP.NET.
• Hands on experience in ASP.NET MVC, ADO.NET, Windows Communication Foundation(WCF)
• Expertise in developing applications using XML, HTML5, CSS, TFS, SVN, IBM DB2,SQL Server 2008, , Data
Stage, IIS 7
• Hands on Experience in designing tables, stored procedures and writing Queries using PL/SQL using SQL
Server 2008.
• Hands on experience in performance tuning applications.
• Experience working as part of Agile Projects
• Experience in deploying Client server applications
• Experience working on Migrations for .Net frameworks. 
• Experience in Manual Testing of windows GUI built on PowerBuilder and web application built on ASP.Net.
• Hands-on experience in designing and executing Test cases.
• Experience in Regression testing the whole application.
• Knowledge in Automation Testing using tools like QTP.
• Strong experience in Leadership, Schedule Management, Client Interaction and understanding Business
Application, Business Data Flow and Data Relations from them
•  Excellent  verbal  and  written  communication  skills  along  with  good  Analytical  and  problem  solving  skills.
Strengths include Quick learning, positive attitude, trustworthiness, Self-Motivation and hard work.
• Energetic self-starter with excellent analytical, organizational and problem solving skills
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
CIGNA - Pre Pricing Network (PPN) - June 2012 to Present

PPN is the claim platform that both Shared Administration-Repricing (SAR) and Alliances use to price claims.
It has a “real-time” interface with Proclaim that reads the provider’s contracted rate and pulls it to PPN. As
an Software Engineer (SE) role on the project, I had involved in Development activities like Code changes,
testing the code changes and their impacts in different releases which includes requirements gathering to
post implementation development. Agile methodology was followed to provide the project deliverables. SVN
Tortoise was used as version control system. Project also utilized Team Foundation Server (TFS) for source
code management

Responsibilities:
〓 Involved in developing, documenting and testing business requirements.
〓 Performed the validation of the flat file information received from third party application with Data Load
using VB.Net and .Net 4.0.
〓 Modified fillers in flat file according to the business requirement and Identifying fields in the flat file positions
as inputs to Data Load.
〓 Mapped flat file data to the fields of database based on the position numerals.

〓 Maintained and enhanced Data Load application which converts the text file information to database fields
of IBM DB2.
〓 Implemented logic to apply pricing to the claim with the information available on database and data retrieved
from webservices using VB.Net.
〓 Responsible to enhance the application that sends the automated claim Reports to CBOR(Claim Book Of
Records) using VB.Net.
〓 Maintained the Quality assurance during the life cycle of the project.
〓 Implemented Validation logic in multiple applications using VB.Net and C#.
〓 Performed manual Unit Testing for each release.
〓 Responsible for delivering product releases to QA team.
〓 Participated in daily stand up meetings as part of Agile team.
〓 Trained new resources in team with the application understanding and Business flow.

Environment:  Visual  Studio  2005/2008,  Microsoft  .NET  Framework  2.0/4.0,  C#,  Vb.Net,  Web  Services,
Windows Services, ADO.NET, XML, IBM DB2 , TFS, SVN, Windows XP/7 , QTP

EDUCATION

Bachelor's in Electronics and Communications Engineering
Aurora’s Technological and Research Institute - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh
2008 to 2012

SKILLS

.Net (3 years), QTP (2 years), VB.Net (3 years), DB2 (3 years), MVC (Less than 1 year), SVN (3 years),
Web Services (1 year), Visual Studio (3 years), C# (3 years), .Net framework (3 years), TFS (2 years), Agile
(1 year)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS / TECHNOLOGIES

Design Patterns: MVC
Methodology: Agile, Waterfall
Programming Languages: C#, VB.NET, QTP Scripting
Frameworks: Microsoft Framework 4.0/2.0
IDE:: Visual Studio […] SVN, TFS
Databases: Microsoft SQL Server […] IBM DB2, Data Stage
Operating Systems: XP/ Win 7
Testing: QTP, Manual
Web Related: ASP.NET MVC 4, ASP.NET Web forms, IIS7

