Thomas Leber

Senior Systems Engineer, Midrange Systems Group - Ocwen Financial Corporation

Wyndmoor, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Thomas-Leber/fd23d0a35e6861b5

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Systems Engineer, Midrange Systems Group
Ocwen Financial Corporation  -  Fort Washington, PA - April 2000 to Present

Fort Washington, PA 4/2000 - present
Senior Systems Engineer, Midrange Systems Group

Implements and supports large HP-UX, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, and Oracle Solaris systems environments in
data centers in Pennsylvania, Texas, and Minnesota. Tightly integrated development, test, and production tiers,
including High Availability Clusters, Disaster Recovery operations of Oracle, Sybase and Progress databases,
Apache Tomcat web services, SecureTransport enterprise file transfer service, Backup services, and SAS
business analytics software. Implementation and support of the storage from the entire EMC
product line and virtualization platforms.

• Mentors other Midrange Systems engineers on state-of-the-art architectures and management practices.
• Served as UNIX/Linux SME in Security and Compliance auditing.

Lead UNIX Systems Administrator
Hercules  -  Bensalem, PA - January 1997 to April 2000

Lead Administrator of UNIX systems in corporate global headquarters data center of Fortune 500 specialty
chemical  manufacturer.  Built  development  and  production  HP-UX  systems  and  enterprise  EMC  storage
supporting SAP, Oracle, and PeopleSoft. Consolidated systems for cost and operational efficiencies.

Monitored  and  tuned  systems  for  outstanding  performance.  Coordinated  the  installation,  testing,  and
deployment  of  operating  system  upgrades,  hardware  installations,  configuration  changes,  backups,
maintenance of user accounts. Assisted end users, database administrators and SAP Basis personnel with
operating  system-related  issues.  Planned  implementation  and  support  of  High  Availability  clusters.  Lead
interface to Hewlett-Packard support personnel.

• UNIX lead for integration of Pennsylvania and Delaware data centers, along with Y2K remediation effort.

UNIX Systems Administrator, Senior Software Engineer
Intermetrics, Inc  -  Warminster, PA - August 1987 to January 1997

Administered UNIX environment in a U.S. Navy tactical systems development facility consisting of networked
HP/Hughes Data Systems workstations. Highly secure facility that hosted project development and support of
real-time shipboard tactical command and control systems. Provided software development support.

EDUCATION

BA in Computer and Information Sciences
Temple University - Philadelphia, PA

SKILLS

UNIX Administration, Linux Administration, Security & Compliance, High Availability

