William Ryan

Electronic engineer with a substantial background in physics

Bryn Mawr, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/William-Ryan/3a81a4918c6063a5

Willing to relocate: Anywhere

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Electronic Engineer
L-3 SPD Electrical Systems  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2014 to Present

Debugged, fixed, tested and delivered a new 3-phase,
480 Volt -100 Amp programmable marine power system, including PFC and inverter modules, analog and
digital electronics, IGBT modules and drivers, embedded processors, and analog and digital
controls. Wrote embedded code for operation, test and calibration. Currently designing a
supercapacitor power system, a CAN bus interface, and various sensor interfaces. Learned high power
circuit breakers, motor control, SolidWorks, PADS, JTAG, Matlab and C-based embedded code.

Electronic Research Engineer
University of Pennsylvania Radiology Department  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2011 to December 2013

Penn Instrumentation Group, University of Pennsylvania Radiology Department.
Design,  layout,  prototype,  test  and  manufacture  of  custom  programmable  high  voltage  power  supplies  for
matching PMT (photo multiplier tube) gain and delay to enable high resolution time-of-flight
analysis for the Penn research PET (positron emission tomography) scanner. Wrote software and firmware
for a custom LVDS interlink and PET coincidence detection data processing system. Learned
CADENCE PCB layout system, Verilog HDL for Xilinx and MATLAB for data analysis.

Electronic and Instrumentation Engineer
Brookhaven National Laboratory  -  Upton, NY - April 1991 to July 1999

Designed RHIC Beam Position Monitor (BPM) electrodes using a finite element analysis program to calculate
the electromagnetic response of
stripline electrodes to bunched particle beams. Built the RHIC BPM electronics: conceptualized,
designed, prototyped, manufactured and installed the instrumentation electronics, including power,
network, timing and packaging, used to make high accuracy and high resolution differential
measurements on nanosecond length pulses for the 667 BPM electrode pairs in the RHIC machine.
Units contained a self-calibrating, high speed, high accuracy and high resolution RF pulse detector, a
16 bit signal digitizer, a Motorola 56000 series DSP and an Altera FPGA. Designed, prototyped, and
redesigned a custom digital oscilloscope for grabbing digitized snapshots of particle beam bunches on
a turn-by-turn basis, which contained a gain-switching front end, ECL data handling for a 500 MSPS 8-
bit ADC, digital architecture to interface ECL digital registers to SRAM, and a triggering device using a
LeCroy high resolution TDC. Built a variety of instruments for various accelerator applications,
including analog, RF and microwave amplifiers, directional couplers, switched integrators, filters and
synchronous detectors.

Electronic Engineer
Raytheon Company, Missile Systems Division  -  Tewksbury, MA - July 1989 to June 1990

Design, layout and testing of
digitally controlled RF devices on CMOS ASICs for signal processing in radar receivers. Initiated

design of a prototype CMOS imaging/processing chip.

Electronic Engineer
Itek Optical Systems  -  Lexington, MA - June 1985 to June 1990

Designed and built adaptive optic and laser systems.

Engineering Summer Intern
Teradyne Electronics  -  Boston, MA - June 1983 to June 1984

Responsibilities
Designed and built hardware and software for ATE (Automatic
Test Equipment) systems.

EDUCATION

Master of Engineering in Electrical Engineering
Cornell University - Ithaca, NY
1984 to 1985

Bachelor of Science in Applied and Engineering Physics
Cornell University - Ithaca, NY
1980 to 1984

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills & Experience
Analog, RF & microwave circuit design
Radar signal processing
Instrumentation circuit design
RF integrated circuit design, ASIC design
High voltage analog circuit design
Power circuit and power supply design, IGBTs, IGBT gate drivers, digital feedback control
Adaptive optics and optical engineering, including lens design and Fourier optics
CCD imaging and image processing
Lasers and laser interferometers
Analog controls and digital controls
Automatic Test Equipment (ATE), both testing and calibration, JTAG
Digital circuit design
PCB layout design: CADENCE, PADS
Verilog HDL design for Xilinx gate arrays
Systems design and construction: conceptualization, specification, design, prototyping,
manufacturing, assembly, test & calibration, installation, commissioning.
Programming languages: C, C++, Python, Unix, Linux, LabVIEW, SPICE, MATLAB, embedded
code
Have held Secret and other DOD security clearances

