Yuvasri Appasamy

Software QA Tester

King of Prussia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yuvasri-Appasamy/5158c16c813519ca

➢ Good operational knowledge of Microsoft office suite.
➢ Proficiency in automation testing tools-QTP and LoadRunner.
➢ Used various testing methods- Functional, Integration, Regression, System, Smoke testing, black box.
➢ Worked on projects using Waterfall and Agile scrum methodology
➢ Good experience in using tools HP Quality center(QC), HP Quick test Pro(QTP and Load runner)
➢ Excellent knowledge and working experience in with test planning, test execution, and test result analyses.
➢ Experienced in various domain and regulator environments-Banking, Health care, and Media.
➢  Strong  knowledge  of  all  phases  of  SDLC  with  expertise  in  software  testing  (functional,  integration,
performance, user acceptance )
➢ Hands on experience testing Web, client/server, user Interfaces, XMLs
➢ Professional experience in Execution of manual testing for client /server and web-based applications in
multi-browser environments
➢ Experienced in QA Methodologies, Quality Assurance life cycle, defect management life cycle(QC)
➢ Experience in bug reporting &bug tracking using management tools such as Mercury Quality center (QC)
➢ Excellent analytical, documentation, communication, presentation, problem solving skills and good team
player and self-starter.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software QA Tester
CYBER SPACE TECHNOLOGIES LLC - October 2014 to March 2016

WORKED FOR THEIR L&T INFOTECH CLIENT responsible for implementing test approaches and test plans
to test application enhancements and changes against documented business requirements and user stories,
in a manner which results in a high quality solution meeting the functional and non-functional requirements
of the user base.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
●  Execute  and  document  test  approach,  test  plans,  and  scenarios,  aligned  with  Quality  Management
processes
● Work closely with designers, developers, and business SMEs to effectively assure delivery of a quality
project
●  Support  continuous  improvement  of  team  quality  management  practices,  such  as  defect  management,
continuous integration, integration testing, and testing automation.
● Performed Manual Testing on the application.
● Involved in preparation of Test Plans for different modules and documented test cases and scripts for various
screens of the application.
● Performed Functional and Regression Testing using QTP.
● Converted Manual Integration tests into automated tests. Used QTP extensively for the purpose of GUI and
Functionality testing.
●  Used  Quick  Test  Pro  to  ensure  correct  functionality  across  all  environments,  data  sets,  and  business
processes.

● Debug the Test Scripts, created Batch tests, verifying the Test results and reporting the defects using Test
Director.
● Performed UAT (User Acceptance Testing).

Software QA Tester
LASSEN GROUP - March 2013 to July 2014

Lassen  group  has  built  its  key  reputation  as  a  key  player  in  southern  california's  competitive  information
technology recruiting market QA Engineer candidate will collaborate with a highly talented team of quality
engineers, as well as with the development and product manager teams to work on the company's e-discovery
and computer forensics software products
RESPONSIBILITY:
● Create and manage test plans and test cases as well as test for any bugs
● Develop and maintain strategies for automation testing
● Participate in product planning and design in order to produce best practices for testing
● Perform automation testing for both the front-end and back-end systems

Software QA Tester
KELLY IT  -  Irvine, CA - September 2012 to February 2013

Kelly IT is responsible to develop thorough test plans for medium complexity systems to ensure a smooth
transition from a development environment to a production environment. QA analyst will be responsible for
testing, reviewing and learning functionality of software applications which are developed in house and those
purchased from third party vendor. Consultants will develop and maintain documented standards for software
and application acceptance.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
● Develops test plans for ensure application functionality meets original requirements to project.
● Worked with software development staff to test and review applications developed in house or
Purchased from third party vendor prior to installation.
● Develops and maintains documented standards for quality acceptance of software
● Maintains up to date test environment.
● Ensures end user documentation correlates with program functionality

EDUCATION

B.E. in Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering
Anna University - Chennai, Tamil Nadu
August 2008 to May 2012

SKILLS

QA (3 years), QTP (4 years), QC (4 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills: QA Tester
Phone: […]
Email: yuvayuvasri@gmail.com
520 Stevens drive apt#315
King of Prussia, PA 19406

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
OPERATING SYSTEM: Windows 2000/NT, Windows XP
TESTING TOOL: Load runner, Win runner, Quality center, QTP
MS-SUITE: MS-WORD, MS EXCEL, MS OUTLOOK, MS POWERPOINT
DATABASES: SQL Server, Oracle and MS Access
WEB TECHNOLOGIES: HTML

