Bella Shvartzman

Staff Pharmacist

Wynnewood, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Bella-Shvartzman/bee2523154a9e214

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
Superfresh Pharmacies  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2001 to 2010

Maintained strong contact with insurance carriers and health care professionals for efficient customer service.
• Trained newly hired pharmacists in procedure and required regulations.
• Provided customers with advice/general information about prescriptions/over the counter medications.
Key Accomplishment:
• Assigned to various sites including newly opened pharmacy in Roxborough; oversaw all start up procedures
including  training  of  pharmacy  technicians,  customer  data  entry,  and  implementation  of  new  clientele
promotion/physician office outreach.

Staff Pharmacist
Shop Rite Pharmacies  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1999 to 2001

Monitored patient profiles for interactions/medication compliance; filled and dispensed prescriptions.
• Advised patients on prescription/OTC medications; monitored drug therapy for incompatibilities/allergies.

Staff Pharmacist
Welsh Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1998 to 1999

Served  the  Russian  community  at  independent  pharmacy  in  Northeast  Philadelphia,  communicated  with
physicians, insurance carriers and other health care professionals about all drug related issues.
• Advised customers on drug related issues. Liaison with insurance carriers concerning patient eligibility.
• Supervised and trained technicians.
Key Accomplishment:
• Recognized for compassion and level of listening skills in resolving customer concerns.

Staff Pharmacist
Rite Aid Pharmacies  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1995 to 1998

Insured  accuracy  while  communicating  with  insurance  carriers  and  health  care  professionals  concerning
eligibility and drug related issues.
• Trained and monitored pharmacy technicians in maintained procedures, product knowledge and regulations.

Pharmacy Technician, Inpatient and Outpatient Pharmacy
Temple University Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1993 to 1995

Assisted pharmacist in prescription dispensing, labeling/distributing medications to units; prepared intravenous
medication.
• Responded to customer inquiries; communicated with health care professionals about customer needs.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy
Temple University - Philadelphia, PA
1995

