Beth Mercede

Pharmacist at A-1 Pharmacy

Willow Grove, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Beth-Mercede/f79155ab7a10b28f

Highly motivated Immunization Certified Pharmacist who is looking to pursue my career. Extremely skilled at
establishing and maintaining superior customer relationships. Energetic, self-starter with passion to complete
goals and objectives in line with company's mission and vision. Principal strengths include:

Skilled communicator Effective multi tasker & prioritizer
Genuine concern for customer care Team player
Desire to assure company profitability Immunization/CPR Certified

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist
A-1 Pharmacy  -  Souderton, PA - October 2010 to Present

As a Staff Pharmacist, I provide individualized patient care to build and maintain customer relationships and
loyalty. I help with the everyday operation of the store at any position requiring assistance.

Sales Associate/Cashier
Toys R Us  -  Horsham, PA - December 2009 to June 2010

As a Sales Associate/Cashier, I focused my efforts in assisting guests' needs and answering questions with
rapid service.

• Effectively increased company's loyalty membership program.
• Achieved one of the highest positive customer service responses from guests' surveys.

Pharmacist
Thrift Drug Company - 1988 to 1994

As a Staff Pharmacist, I succeeded in providing individualized patient care by monitoring their profiles and
responding to their specific needs. Along with my Pharmacist responsibilities, I assisted with the day-to-day
operation and profitability of the store at any position requiring assistance.

• Counseled patients on prescription and OTC medications.
• Built and maintained excellent customer relationships and satisfaction
• Improved drug inventory via ordering and processing returns
• Trained new hire pharmacists and technicians on the computer system and company policies.
• Average weekly Rx 1500-1800

Pharmacist/Assistant Manager
Thrift Drug Company - 1989 to 1991

As a Staff Pharmacist, I succeeded in providing individualized patient care by monitoring their profiles and
responding to their specific needs. As Assistant Manager of the store, I combined my Pharmacy skill set with
management goals and objectives to provide my customers with the most comprehensive care while working
to minimize cost and control expenses to insure profitability.

• Counseled patients on prescription and OTC medications.

• Built and maintained excellent customer relationships and satisfaction.
• Improved drug inventory via ordering and processing returns.
• Supervised and trained store employees on company policies, company systems, and cash registers.
• Recorded sales by balancing all cash drawers and completing written daily and weekly sales reports.
• Average weekly Rx 700-800

EDUCATION

B.S. in Pharmacy
University Of The Sciences - Philadelphia, PA
January 1985 to January 1988

Liberal Arts & Sciences
University Of Illinois - Urbana, IL
1983 to 1985

