Brian Davis

Prior Authorization Clinical Pharmacist - Optum PBM / FutureScripts

Willow Grove, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Brian-Davis/397104ed61e861e9

Currently  practicing  as  a  clinical  pharmacist  in  pharmacovigilance  at  Optum/FutureScripts  (formerly
Catamaran)
Philadelphia,  PA  as  a  Prior  Authorization  Clinical  Pharmacist  making  clinical  evaluations  on  the
appropriateness of all
therapies  requiring  prior  authorization.  Conduct  peer  to  peer  conferences  with  prescribers  in  the  appeals
process.

Clinical  pharmacist  and  Pharmacy  Manager  at  the  AxelaCare  Health  Solutions,  Havertown  PA  Branch.
Provided therapy
services  to  the  IVIG,  SCIV,  Hemophiliac,  Chemo,  TPN,  and  traditional  home  infusion  patients.  Evaluated
clinical
metrics  in  the  IVIG  Clinical  Outcomes  Program  making  dosing  level  and  frequency  recommendations  to
physicians.
Participated in clinical presentations and training sessions. Trained pharmacy management, professional and
technical
staff. Supervised clean room maintenance cycles per USP 797 guidelines and specifications. Operated in
accordance to
JCAHO guidelines and patient safety initiatives resulting in successful certification. Coordinated remote order
processing at out of state branches.

Managed  AMH  Home  Infusion  pharmacy  of  Abington  Memorial  Hospital.  Supervised  staff  pharmacists,
technician and
delivery staff. Coordinated therapy services with our department nursing staff and hospital Home Care service.
Participated  in  the  hospital's  ASHP  PGY-1  Pharmacy  Residency  Program  as  a  Home  Infusion  rotation
instructor.

Directed  the  J  .F.  Kennedy  Memorial  Hospital  Pharmacy  Department.  A  250  bed  private  hospital  and
Outpatient
Medical Center operated by the Philadelphia District Council 33 Municipal Workers Union. Streamlined the
drug
distribution system. Updated the Pharmacy Policy and Procedures Manual. Initiated the Pharmacy-Nursing
Joint
Committee.  Designed  remote  high  volume  outpatient  pharmacy.  Initiated  P&T  Committee  DUR  program.
Expanded
services and contained costs resulting in department profitability for the first time in decades.

Experience at Merck Sharp and Dohme Pharmaceuticals in Pharmaceutical Production Quality Control of all
dosage
forms,  including  lyophylized  vaccines,  injectables,  aerosols,  topicals,  ophthalmics,  tablets,  capsules,
antibiotics, and
veterinary boluses. Knowledge of GMP's following production from chem stock to market packaging.

Consultant Experience:

• DuPont Pharmaceuticals brain storming retreat. Participating on the packaging team, solving design issues
for
an international product launch.
• Assignments in LTC facilities provided patient chart/therapy reviews and site inspections. Supervising the
filling and packaging in a variety of unit dosing systems. Performed prospective DUR.
• Managed Pharmacy Provider operation supplying boarding home medication services to HIV patients.
Supervised staff filling, and provided drug interaction screening, chart review, site inspection consultant
services.
• Provided IDPN clinical and clean room supervision services for Accredo NutraPletion. Reviewed orders for
correctness and made recommendations on duration and formula modifications.
• Provided Oncology Pharmacy services to the Cancer Center Pharmacy of a major Philadelphia teaching
hospital.

AREA OF EXPERTISE/CORE COMPENTENCIES:

Proficient in CPR+ dispensing and record system. Proficient in Argus IPNS and RxClaims.. Knowledgeable
of GMP,
JCAHO  Standards,  HIPAA  Privacy  and  Security,  Patient  Safety  Initiatives,  USP  797  competencies  and
guidelines,
Blood Borne Pathogens, Universal precautions, Safe handling of chemotherapeutic agent and biohazzards,
preparation
of sterile products. IVIG/SCIG therapy specialist. Infusion and Specialty therapies including TPN, antibiotic,
anti-
coagulation, Hemophilia Factor therapy, and Chemotherapeutics. Clinical Monitoring. Proficient with CADD,
Bodyguard, Curlin and Patrol pumps. Working knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint, Word, and Outlook.
Brian Davis
Clinical Pharmacist / Pharmacy Management
1629 Reservoir Avenue, Willow Grove, Pa, 19090
[…] […] (Fax)
briancdavis@verizon.net
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Prior Authorization Clinical Pharmacist
Optum PBM / FutureScripts  -  Philadelphia, PA - December 2014 to Present

19103
Clinical  decision  making  on  the  appropriateness  of  all  therapies  requiring  prior  authorization,  as  well  as
evaluating
approval criteria in reference to client policies. Conduct peer to peer conferences with prescribers in the appeal
process.
Reviewed prior authorization requests for Commercial and Medicare plans.

Clinical Pharmacist- Short Term Contracts
Various Healthcare Organizations - November 2013 to December 2014

Pharmacy Manager/Infusion Pharmacist
AxelaCare Health Solutions - September 2011 to November 2013

Acting Director of Pharmacy

AxelaCare Health Solutions  -  Havertown, PA - November 2012 to January 2013

Duties: Supervise and evaluate the pharmacist and technician staff. Coordinate work flow for the pharmacy.
Fill prescription and medical supply orders for dispensing from the pharmacy and remotely for filling from the
Lenexa
Kansas  pharmacy.  Filled  or  checked  pharmacy  infusion  and  chemo  orders  in  the  clean  room.  Ordered
medication and supply inventory. Performed scheduled clean room maintenance per USP 797.
Maintained patient care plans. Performed prospective and retrospective drug reviews interaction screening.
Coordinated with nursing agencies and staff nurses for service provision nationwide. Coordinated with the
billing
department on claims issues. Performed continuous quality improvement competencies. Followed JCAHO
standards and initiatives as they applied to the pharmacy operation.

Clinical Pharmacist
HealthPro, Inc  -  Brookhaven, PA - January 2009 to September 2011

19015
Duties: Provided Clinical Pharmacist services to client companies. Supervised technician and pharmacist staff
as required. Provided drug information services, drug utilization reviews, interactions screening, and nursing
station
inspections.

Instructor
Pharmacy PGY  -  Abington, PA - September 2003 to December 2008

19001

Duties: Supervise and evaluate the pharmacist, technician and delivery staff. Coordinate work flow for the
pharmacy.  Filled  or  checked  pharmacy  infusion  and  chemo  orders  in  the  clean  room.  Picked  or  checked
surgical
supplies prior to shipping to the patient for home care nurse or self-administration. Ordered medication and
supply inventory. Performed scheduled clean room maintenance per USP 797.
Maintained patient care plans. Performed prospective and retrospective drug reviews interaction screening.
Coordinated with nursing agencies and staff nurses for service provision nationwide. Coordinated with the
biller on claims issues. Performed continuous quality improvement competencies. Followed JCAHO standards
and initiatives
leading to successful certification.

Consultant Pharmacist/Independent Contractor
Practice Settings - October 2000 to September 2003

Long-Term Care; Hospital: Critical Care, Pediatrics, Chemotherapeutics;
Home Infusion; Pharmaceutical Manufacturing, Pharmacy Management.
Duties: Provided Clinical Pharmacist services to client companies. Supervised technician and pharmacist staff
as required. Provided drug information services, drug utilization reviews, interactions screening and nursing
station
inspections.

Clinical Pharmacist
Temple University Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 1999 to October 2000

19140
Satellite Pharmacy 6-Tower Med-Surg floors. Cardiac Code Team

Duties: Operate the clinical pharmacy duties of the med-surg satellite pharmacy. Supervise the technician and
student
staff. Review, fill, chart, check and distribute medication orders to the patients on the two floors covered. Serve
on the cardiac code team for all codes on my floors; preparing, recording, timing all medications dispensed.
Handled the
defibrillator  charging  if  required.  Performed  floor  rounds  at  beginning  and  end  of  each  shift  and  prepared
transition
report.

Consultant Pharmacist/Independent Contractor
Practice Settings - September 1996 to December 1998

Hospital: Critical Care, Pediatrics, Chemotherapeutics; Home Infusion;
Pharmaceutical Manufacturing, Pharmacy Management.
Duties:  Provided  Clinical  Pharmacist  services  to  client  companies.  Filled,  checked,  charted,  screened,
compounded and shipped medication orders. Supervised technician staff and pharmacist staff as required.
Provided drug information
services  as  assigned.  Performed  patient  chart  reviews  and  nursing  station  inspections.  Provided
manufacturing
production, quality control inspection, and packaging consultant services.

Director of Pharmacy
John F. Kennedy Memorial Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 1993 to September 1996

19124
Duties: Directed the clinical and distributive activities of the 200 bed hospital and two outpatient pharmacies,
and  a  drug  and  alcohol  rehabilitation  program.  Served  as  secretary  of  the  Pharmacy  and  Therapeutics
committed. Managed the
Drug  Utilization  Review  clinical  activities  mandated  by  the  committee.  Chaired  the  Pharmacy-Nursing
Committee  which  addressed  issues  to  promote  smooth  departmental  interactions  and  insure  patient
medication safety. Ordered
medications and supplies. Supervised, evaluated, and schedules pharmacist, technician, student and clerk
staff.
Maintained records and prepared budgets for the department. Performed in-service training to the nursing and
pharmacy
staff.  Operated  the  department  within  the  standards  and  initiatives  of  the  JCAHO  leading  to  successful
certification.

Supervising Pharmacist
Pathmark Pharmacy, Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 1988 to April 1993

19146
Duties:  Supervise  and  evaluate  the  pharmacist,  intern,  and  technician  staff.  Coordinate  work  flow  for  the
pharmacy. Filled or checked prescriptions. Ordered medications and supplies. Keep department financial and
performance records. Took scheduled physical inventory. Maintained prescription records per state and federal
law.
Performed prospective and retrospective drug reviews and interaction screening. Counseled patients on their
medications and therapies. Created staff work schedules.

Pharmacy Shift Supervisor
Medical College of Penna  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 1984 to May 1988

19129

Inpatient Pharmacy, Cardiac Code Team
Duties: Operate and supervise the pharmacy and staff during the shift. Perform rounds to critical care floors
and the
Emergency Trauma Center. Review, fill, chart, check, and distribute medication orders to the patients in the
entire 500
bed hospital. Serve on the cardiac code team for all codes in non-critical care wards preparing and timed all
medications
dispensed. Prepared shift transition report.

Pharmacy Manager/Partner
Wynnebrook Pharmacy, Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 1979 to May 1984

19131
Duties:  Supervise  and  evaluate  the  pharmacist,  intern,  and  technician  staff.  Coordinate  work  flow  for  the
pharmacy. Filled or checked prescriptions. Ordered medications and supplies. Keep pharmacy financial and
performance records. Took scheduled physical inventory. Maintained prescription records per state and federal
law.
Performed prospective and retrospective drug reviews and interaction screening. Counseled patients on their
medications and therapies. Created staff work schedules. Paid pharmacy expenses and liabilities.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy
Temple University School of Pharmacy - Philadelphia, PA

