Bruce Ackerman

Floater Pharmacist - Pathmark

Harleysville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Bruce-Ackerman/900e78aa33521c59

Patient service-oriented Pharmacist possessing advanced certification in Pharmacist Immunization
Delivery. Strong background in clinical pharmacology and patient medication therapy management.
Currently licensed in Pennsylvania.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Floater Pharmacist
Pathmark  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2006 to Present

Administered influenza, pneumonia, and Zostavax vaccinations. Entered new patient profiles and prescriptions
into medication input software system. Communicated directly with doctors' offices via
telephone, fax and email. Provided friendly customer service at prescription drop-off and pick-up
counters. Efficiently answered multi-line phone and processed high volume of order requests from nurses,
doctors and pharmacists. Maintained drug inventory levels by ordering necessary medications and supplies
and verifying deliveries against purchase orders. Verified patient data and billing
information. Verified accuracy and completeness of information on prescription and refill requests.
Maintained  proper  storage  and  security  conditions  for  all  drugs.  Strictly  maintained  customer  and  patient
confidentiality. Regularly completed paperwork and entered prescription and insurance
billing information into patient profiles. Labeled all products appropriately, including cautionary and auxiliary
labels. Communicated with all customers and staff in a pleasant and professional manner.
Precisely processed third party prescriptions and managed adjudication review. Provided critical
information and advice to customers regarding possible drug interactions, side effects, dosage and proper
medication storage. Advised customers on the selection of medication brands, medical
equipment and health care supplies. Interpreted and evaluated the validity and safety of medication
orders and prescriptions. Oversaw the pharmacy technicians' drug preparation and distribution
activities to provide safe, efficient care for patients. Directed operations to increase efficiency and minimize
patient wait times. Consistently upheld proper pharmacy and general safety procedures and standards. Safely
administered immunizations, travel medicine, medication therapy
management and other specialty programs. Successfully assisted customers with medical issues and provided
valuable health care counseling. Followed state and federal record keeping guidelines for
legend drugs and controlled substances. Maintained proper pharmacy and general safety procedures and
standards, including department cleanliness. Extended patient engagement with extra
counseling and follow-up adherence calls. Administered influenza, pneumonia, and Zostavax
vaccinations.  Collaborated  closely  with  health  care  professionals  to  monitor  and  assess  the  quality  and
effectiveness of drugs or drug regimens.

Pharmacist in charge/Customer service specialist
Prescription Services/United Health Care  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 1991 to April 2010

Entered new patient profiles and prescriptions into medication input software system.
Communicated directly with doctors' offices via telephone, fax and email. Provided friendly customer
service at prescription drop-off and pick-up counters. Worked closely with pharmacists and used
medication input software to safely and accurately dispense medication. Maintained drug inventory
levels by ordering necessary medications and supplies and verifying deliveries against purchase orders.
Verified accuracy and completeness of information on prescription and refill requests. Maintained

proper storage and security conditions for all drugs. Mixed various pharmaceutical preparations according to
written prescriptions. Correctly priced and filed prescriptions after they were filled.
Regularly completed paperwork and entered prescription and insurance billing information into patient profiles.
Strictly maintained customer and patient confidentiality. Labeled all products
appropriately,  including  cautionary  and  auxiliary  labels.  Communicated  with  all  customers  and  staff  in  a
pleasant and professional manner. Precisely processed third party prescriptions and managed
adjudication review. Regularly ordered medication and pharmacy, office and restroom supplies.
Provided critical information and advice to customers regarding possible drug interactions, side
effects, dosage and proper medication storage. Maintained updated records such as pharmacy files,
patient profiles, charge system files, inventories and poison or controlled drug registries. Collaborated
closely with health care professionals to monitor and assess the quality and effectiveness of drugs or drug
regimens. Interpreted and evaluated the validity and safety of medication orders and
prescriptions. Oversaw the pharmacy technicians' drug preparation and distribution activities to provide safe,
efficient care for patients. Directed operations to increase efficiency and minimize
patient  wait  times.  Consistently  upheld  proper  pharmacy  and  general  safety  procedures  and  standards.
Maintained proper inventory levels, rotated stock and immediately complied with
prescription drug recalls. Maintained proper pharmacy and general safety procedures and standards,
including department cleanliness. Followed state and federal record keeping guidelines for legend
drugs and controlled substances. Successfully assisted customers with medical issues and provided
valuable health care counseling. Appropriately resolved customer issues, complaints and questions.
Proficiently processed and dispensed written, oral and electronic prescriptions.

owner/operator
Wissinoming Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - December 1980 to January 1991

Entered new patient profiles and prescriptions into medication input software system.
Communicated directly with doctors' offices via telephone, fax and email. Provided friendly customer
service at prescription drop-off and pick-up counters. Efficiently answered multi-line phone and processed high
volume of order requests from nurses, doctors and pharmacists. Maintained drug
inventory levels by ordering necessary medications and supplies and verifying deliveries against purchase
orders. Verified accuracy and completeness of information on prescription and refill
requests. Mixed various pharmaceutical preparations according to written prescriptions. Correctly
priced and filed prescriptions after they were filled. Regularly completed paperwork and entered
prescription and insurance billing information into patient profiles. Strictly maintained customer and patient
confidentiality. Labeled all products appropriately, including cautionary and auxiliary labels.
Communicated with all customers and staff in a pleasant and professional manner. Precisely
processed  third  party  prescriptions  and  managed  adjudication  review.  Regularly  ordered  medication  and
pharmacy, office and restroom supplies. Oversaw the pharmacy technicians' drug preparation and distribution
activities to provide safe, efficient care for patients. Directed operations to increase
efficiency and minimize patient wait times.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy
Temple University School of Pharmacy - Philadelphia, PA
1975

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skill Highlights

Exceptional patient care and interaction CPR certification
Excellent telephone etiquette Skilled in clinical interventions
HIPAA trained Extensive medical terminology knowledge
Certified Immunizing Pharmacist in PA Pharmaceutical storage awareness
Patient counseling expert Abbreviations comprehension
Drug utilization review Counting and pouring expertise
Efficient and accurate
Strong decision-making ability

