Davita Bey

Pharmacist - Safe Drugs Pharmacy

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Davita-Bey/18c60e2050243358

Patient service-oriented Pharmacist with Doctor of Pharmacy degree and advanced
certifications in Pharmacist Immunization Delivery, Medication Therapy Management
and Pharmacist and Patient-Centered Diabetes Care. Strong background in clinical
pharmacology and patient medication therapy management. Currently licensed in
Pennsylvania and Delaware.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist
Safe Drugs Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - December 2013 to Present

Properly filled and dispensed an average of 50 prescriptions per day.
Effectively resolved insurance rejections and other billing issues.
Managed drug and supply inventories.
Checked  prescriptions  for  appropriate  dosage,  drug  interactions,  allergies  and  contra-  indications  before
dispensing medications.
Helped achieve pharmacy business objectives by increasing sales and gross margins by 75% percent.
Communicated regularly with physicians, nurses, insurance companies and managed
care organizations.

Pharmacist
Pharm Pro Staffing  -  Brookhaven, PA - February 2013 to Present

Completed new and updated patient profiles, including lists of patient medications.
Displayed patient-oriented and comprehensive clinical pharmacy services and pharmaceutical care.
Demonstrated patient interventions.
Collaborated with care transitions team to perform medication reconciliation for
Bayhealth Medical Center patients upon discharge.

Pharmacist
Grace Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2010 to January 2013

Provided long term care pharmaceutical services to assisted living, residential care,
skilled nursing, adult foster and community based homes.
Prepared and supervised production of IV orders, compounding and medication cycle
fill automation.
Provided Pyxis support, processed prior authorization claims and monitored operations to ensure that supplies
were available to clinical staff.
Made recommendations for medication therapy management based upon patient
specific goals and modalities.
Checked  prescriptions  for  appropriate  dosage,  drug  interactions,  allergies  and  contra-  indications  before
dispensing medications.

Clinical Pharmacist
Philadelphia, PA - January 2006 to February 2010

Made recommendations for appropriate pain and symptoms management therapies

based on patient-specific information.
Provided real-time collaboration with nurses to create cost-effective medication care
plans.
Focused on medication misadventure prevention by providing clinical education.
Practiced complete patient care management including drug therapy monitoring.
Helped reduce treatment costs and increased patient comfort by converting IV to oral
therapy.

Pharmacist
Christiana Care Hospital Inpatient Pharmacy  -  Newark, DE - July 2005 to January 2006

Provided verbal or written consultation and information to health-care professionals regarding patient services.
Supervised pharmacy technicians to ensure the proper work flow and adherence to delivery schedules.
Exhibited proficiency in IV and chemo compounding.
Monitored the medication dispensing machines within the hospital to ensure supplies
were readily available to clinical staff.

Pharmacy Intern
CVS Caremark  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2002 to June 2005

Assisted other pharmacy staff with drug inventory, purchasing, and receiving.
Receptively answered customer questions and helped locate desired items in the pharmacy.
Assisted the pharmacists with checking in and pricing drug orders, third party
transactions and relevant paperwork.

Pharmacy Intern
CVS Caremark  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2002 to June 2003

Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania - Philadelphia, PA
Exhibited proficiency in IV admixture compounding.
Monitored Pyxis and robotic drug distribution within the hospital to ensure supplies
were readily available to clinical staff.
Compounded and repackaged medications, including unit-doses, topical medications and sterile products.

Pharmacy Intern
Temple University Hospital Outpatient Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2001 to January 2002

Regularly stocked shelves, rotated stock and checked for expired medications.
Performed technical processes required to dispense medications to patients.
Prepared medications such as emulsions, liquids, powders and ointments.

EDUCATION

Doctorate of Pharmacy
Temple University School of Pharmacy - Philadelphia, PA
May 2005

Bachelor of Science in Biology
Lincoln University - Lincoln University
May 2000

