Ivonne Roman

Staff Pharmacist

Palmyra, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ivonne-Roman/d8a20c57350e1751

Patient  service-oriented  Pennsylvania  licensed  Pharmacist  with  hospital  and  retail  experience  seeking  a
position where my
skills and knowledge can be applied in a reputed organization to improve efficiency and deliver exceptional
patient care.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
St. Joseph's Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 1991 to March 2016

Assist with the daily operations of the pharmacy in compliance with all state, federal regulations and pertinent
accrediting bodies.
Actively participate in various clinical activities such as approved therapeutic substitutions and intravenous
to oral
conversions.
Perform pharmacy reconciliations of patient home medications upon admission.
Assess all medication orders for appropriateness, efficacy and accuracy of therapy to minimize adverse events
and medication errors.
Check and verify all pharmacy technician work providing training and advice.
Supervise and/or prepare all intravenous sterile products as per regulations.
Responsible to order, receive and store controlled substances keeping proper documentation and managing
their
inventory.
Communicate with physicians and other healthcare professionals relative to drug related issues and concerns
to optimize therapeutic outcomes.
Supervise the ordering of medications ensuring proper supply levels and budget control.
Participate in training new staff members when needed.

Pharmacist
Rite Aid Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 1988 to February 1991

Managed order entry and prescription verification.
Counseled patients on prescription and over the counter medications.
Supervised and directed pharmacy technicians to ensure good customer service and safety.
Maintained drug inventory by ordering medications and supplies

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy
Temple University School of Pharmacy - Philadelphia, PA
May 1988

Bachelor of Arts in Biology
Temple University - Philadelphia, PA

May 1985

SKILLS

Excellent communication and decision making skills, Outstanding ability to prioritize and multi-task with
attention to detail, Fluent in written and spoken English and Spanish, Familiar with Accudose and Pyxis
systems as well as Medhost pharmacy system, Flexible with ability to perform tasks independently as well
as part of a team, Great interpersonal skills, Excellent organizational and time management skills

