James Cusick

Staff Pharmacist

Marlton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/James-Cusick/03859a8a5aa6af15

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
Walmart Pharmacy  -  Marlton, NJ - October 2013 to September 2014

Promoted and maintained the pharmacy's professional reputation. Monitored and resolved
problems in the prescription filling process by processing information for third party
insurance claims. Complied with company policies, procedures and standards of ethics.
Trained and supervised pharmacy technicians.

Pharmacy Manager
ACME/Sav-on Pharmacy  -  Woodbury, NJ - March 1997 to August 2013

Provide courteous and professional consultation to our patients regarding Rx and OTC
therapies.  Prioritize  work  flow  and  processing  prescriptions;  insuring  completeness  and  accuracy  of  each
prescription dispensed. Overseeing the cost effective ordering of Rx
products to maintain levels at or below commitment. Instruct IPPE and APPE students from the Philadelphia
College of Pharmacy in all aspects of community practice including
exposure to both State (PA, NJ and DE) and Federal laws governing the practice of
Pharmacy in the Community setting. Provided supervision and participated in community
based service programs off-site including blood pressure screening and medication
consultation. Administer vaccinations.

Adjunct Faculty
University of the Sciences  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 1996 to January 1997

September 1996 to January 1997
Philadelphia, PA
Adjunct Faculty
Instructor in Community Pharmacy Practice; taught communication courses, directed
pharmacotherapeutics laboratory, instructor in community pharmacy management.

Professional Consultant
Evesham Apothecary  -  Marlton, NJ - June 1996 to September 1996

Provide periodic consultations which include a commitment to quality patient care through the education and
development of personnel directly responsible for that care.

President, Owner and Chief Pharmacist
Marlton Pharmacy  -  Marlton, NJ - July 1987 to June 1996

Supervise both Retail and Nursing Home divisions. Served as a preceptor for many students from PCPS and
Temple. Established the apothecary-type practice with emphasis on patient
counseling and offering such free services as blood pressure screening and glucose testing.

Proprietor
Bridesburg Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 1986 to June 1987

Transformation of neglected neighborhood drug store to an apothecary practice. Features

included  medical  equipment,  blood  pressure  screening  and  separate  area  dedicated  solely  to  patient
consultation. Clerkship site for fifth year PCPS students.

Adjunct Faculty
Philadelphia College of Pharmacy and Science  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 1985 to June 1986

Instructor in the fourth year pharmacotherapeutics lab for both BS and Pharm.D. candidates.
Students principles to practical application (e.g., compliance, precautions, drug interactions,
adverse events, proper dosing, etc.). Instructor in the professional communications recitation.

Resident
Amherst Pharmacy  -  Lumberton, NJ - June 1985 to June 1986

In conjunction with the Philadelphia College of Pharmacy and Science, this one year post- baccurlaureat CPRP
was of the first such residents in the nation. This program furnished
skills necessary to purchase and operate a private community practice. Drs. Calvin Knowlton and George
Downs served as preceptors.

Assistant Manager
Thrift Drug  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 1984 to June 1985

Primary responsibilities included managing the prescription portion of the business.
Delegating to employees, hiring, firing, inventory control, and managed accounting books
weekly.

Senior Medical Corespondent, Medical Affairs
Smith Kline and French Labs  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 1983 to June 1984

Philadelphia, PA
Senior Medical Corespondent, Medical Affairs
Worked directly with a team of physicians, pharmacists and other health care professionals in responding to
medical information queries generated by the SK&F representatives as well as from practicing physicians,
pharmacists and nurses.

Summer Intern
DuPont Pharmaceuticals  -  Wilmington, DE - May 1983 to September 1983

Enrolled in the PCPS/Drexel MBA program (one year complete), and participated in the area of new product
planning with primary emphasis on marketing of new products, as well as projected sales and competition.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science
Philadelphia College of Pharmacy and Science - Philadelphia, PA
May 1983

