Jeremey Kashuba

PRN Pharmacist - DARK STAR ALPACAS

Schwenksville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jeremey-Kashuba/5562b335f208aa1e

WORK EXPERIENCE

PRN Pharmacist
Professional Pharmacy  -  Pottstown, PA - 2015 to Present

Medication counseling and patient education.
* Veterinary and medical compounding.
* Maintain and manage drug inventory levels.

Owner/Operator
DARK STAR ALPACAS  -  Schwenksville, PA - 2013 to Present

Own and manage a small alpaca farm and business in Schwenksville, PA

Pharmacist
Fishtown Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2013 to 2014

Assisted in building a new pharmacy business in the Fishtown section of Philadelphia.
* Performed daily management and operation of pharmacy in absence of owner.
* Inventory management.
* Compounding functions and sales for both medical and veterinary medications.
* Communicated with physicians and patients to expand the compound pharmacy aspect of the business.

Owner / Manager / PIC
Renaissance Family Pharmacy  -  Claymont, DE - 2008 to 2010

Worked as a full time Pharmacist 2008 - 2009; took ownership of the business and served as PIC starting
in 2009.
* Expanded market share - despite having 3 major competitors in immediate area.
* Established steady business with 2 local LTC facilities.
* Hired, trained and led staff. Responsible for all aspects of store performance and operations.

Pharmacy Manager
K-Mart Pharmacy, Claymont  -  Bear, DE - 2008 to 2008

Served in Claymont, then Bear locations.
* Recruit, train, and manage all pharmacy personnel.
* Develop and integrate workflow procedures to increase productivity and reduce errors.

Temp Pharmacist
Pharmpro Staffing - 2004 to 2008

Served in retail chain stores, high-volume independents, institutional / hospitals, and mail order settings.
*  Rapidly  assimilated  to  the  business-corporate  culture,  software,  processes,  competition,  and  customer
demographic unique to each location.
* Continually improved business efficiency and maximized bottom line profit.
* Responsibilities ranged from management of entire pharmacy to prescription filling and customer service.

Member, American Pharmacists Association

Philadelphia College of Pharmacy & Science  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1998 to 1998

Philadelphia, PA
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Pharmacy. Graduated 1998.

Served 5-week rotations in 1998 with Cooper Hospital, Camden NJ;
Professional Pharmacy, Pottstown, PA; and Allegheny Hospitals - MCP Division, Philadelphia, PA

Well versed with pharmacy software systems, including: PDX Pharmacy System, Health Business Systems
(HBS),
Ren-Lar Pharmacy Software, Nexgen, and McKesson Pharmacy Systems.

Member, American Pharmacists Association (APhA),
Phi Delta Chi professional pharmacy fraternity.

PA License RP-00442692-L

EDUCATION

B.S. Pharmacy
P.C.P.S. - Philadelphia, PA
1993 to 1998

CERTIFICATIONS

Registered Pharmacist
September 2016

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Areas of Expertise

Change Leadership Process Improvement
Team Building & Training Competitive Research
Startup & Turnaround Operations Pharmaceutical Product Knowledge

