Jessica Luczny

Deptford, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jessica-Luczny/eaa849fba01d80d9

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
Walgreens - July 2004 to Present

Responsibilities
Reviewed prescription orders for appropriateness, accuracy and safety.
Counseled and educated patients on proper use of medications and selection of appropriate non-prescription
medications and dietary/herbal supplements.
Recommended appropriate pharmacological therapies to prescribers.
Administered immunizations and provided health screenings to patients.
Exercised problem and conflict resolution skills to assist with customer grievances.
Performed various inventory management tasks and assisted with third-party audits.

Accomplishments
Designed and implemented new process to improve inventory maintenance and tracking of task completion.
Established a new process for identifying and recruiting patients for medication therapy management (MTM)
programs.

Clinical Pharmacist (Temporary Contract Position)
Coram Rx Specialty Pharmacy - January 2014 to July 2014

Responsibilities
Interpreted  and  reviewed  prescriptions  orders  for  blood  products,  chemotherapy,  hormones  and  various
immunomodulating drugs. 
Consulted with other healthcare providers to obtain prescription clarifications and corrections. 
Preformed final review of orders for accurate dispensing of drug products and ancillary supplies. 
Provided information and consultation to patients about their treatment.

Prescription Verification Pharmacist (Temporary Contract Position)
CuraScript Specialty Pharmacy - June 2013 to December 2013

Responsibilities
Verified  the  accurate  entry  and  preformed  drug  utilization  review  of  prescriptions  with  a  focus  on  those
for  autoimmune  diseases,  HIV,  hepatitis,  hormone  deficiencies,  multiple  sclerosis,  oncology  and  organ
transplantation.
Assisted pharmacy technicians with interpretation and entry of prescription orders.
Reviewed anomaly-tracking reports and corrected prescription entry errors as a designated super-user.

EDUCATION

Doctor of Pharmacy in Pharmacy
University of the Sciences in Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA
1998 to 2004

