Joseph Fiore PharmD

Clinical Pharmacist - Enclara Pharmacia

Springfield, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joseph-Fiore-PharmD/96d3517415321703

A Doctor of Pharmacy with over 10 years of clinical experience in patient care and professional consulting
who  is  focused  on  the  safe  and  appropriate  use  of  medications.  An  expert  in  disease  state  management
and pharmacotherapy, evaluating adverse drug events and drug interactions, and a skilled professional who
interacts daily with both physicians and nurses to provide the most accurate and up to date medical information
and clinical support

Key Strengths

Clinical Consulting • Developing and Maintaining Client Relationships • Symptom Management • Adverse Drug
Evaluation and Reporting • Drug Interaction Review • Palliative Care • Power Point & Public Speaking • Six
Sigma • New Hire Training • Customer Service • Formularies • Aggregate Data Review • Medical Literature
Review • ICD9&10 coding • Microsoft Excel & Word
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Clinical Pharmacist
Enclara Pharmacia  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2005 to Present

• Develop relationships with key clients, specifically nurses, physicians, and medical directors and provide
clinical support to create cost-effective medication care plans focusing on patient specific symptoms
•  Respond  to  unsolicited  medical  information  requests  from  healthcare  professionals  both  verbally  and  in
writing
• Specialize in all aspects of hospice care and provide clinical consultations and education to nurses, nurse
practitioners, and physicians on medications and dosing, disease states, adverse drug events, and treatment
approaches
• Pharmacotherapy Specialist of an interdisciplinary team consisting of oncologists, hospice medical directors,
and nurses focusing on palliative care of hospice patients.
• Certified Enclara Pharmacia Methadone Specialist providing expert consultation on the use of methadone
as a palliative analgesic
• Perform drug utilization reviews and set up prescription orders while focusing on medication misadventures
• Develop and present power point presentations, training materials, and clinical case studies to newly hired
pharmacists
•  Act  as  a  Pharmacy  Benefits  Manager  for  select  clients  and  assist  them  in  working  within  their  defined
formularies
• Train new hires on daily functions of the Support Center, specifically handling clinical consultations

Floating Staff Pharmacist
Sav-On Acme Pharmacy - May 2004 to 2005

•  Executed  all  the  duties  of  a  community  pharmacist  with  emphasis  on  prescription  correctness,  clinical
appropriateness, and customer service
• Performed comprehensive drug utilization reviews and frequently intervened on patients' behalf
• Responsible for covering the Philadelphia, Montgomery, Delaware, and Chester County district as a floating
pharmacist

EDUCATION

Doctor of Pharmacy
University of the Sciences in Philadelphia, The Philadelphia College of Pharmacy - Philadelphia, PA
1999 to 2004

Pre-Pharmacy
West Virginia University - Morgantown, WV
1997 to 1999

AWARDS

Clinical Excellence Award September 2009 Enclara Pharmacia

Dean's List University of the Sciences in Philadelphia
2003

Dean's List University of the Sciences in Philadelphia
2004

CERTIFICATIONS

Registered Pharmacist in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Presentations/Special Projects

Quality Improvement Initiative
• Member of a Six Sigma team tasked with improving call quality and efficiency of pharmacists 
•  Designed  and  implemented  a  pilot  program  improving  pharmacist  call  quality  scores  and  efficiency  and
reduced the number of adverse customer service reported events. March 2013-December 2013

Pharmacotherapy of Pain Management.
• Deliver a Power Point presentation to newly hired employees focusing on pain management in the hospice
setting. July 29, 2013- present

Role of Compounded Medications in the Hospice Setting.
• Presented a lecture on the use of compounded medications specific for the hospice population. University
of the Science in Philadelphia Fall 2011 

Hospice of Charlotte Region Medicare Audit. 
• Reviewed hundreds of patient profiles investigating billing discrepancies between Medicare and our clients.
November 10, 2008- December 4, 2008

Pharmacotherapy of Dyspnea and Oral Conditions.
• Lead clinical case studies to newly hired pharmacists, which encompass all aspects of dyspnea and oral
condition in the hospice population. March 2007- present

ProAmatine (Midodrine) Use in Patients with Intradialytic Hypotension.

• Power Point presentation -General Medicine Clinical Rotation Hahnemann University Hospital. April 2004

Pathophysiology and Treatment of Deep Vein Thrombosis.
• Power Point presentation- General Medicine Clinical Rotation Presentation Hahnemann University Hospital.
April 2004

Drug  Safety  Analysis  of  Spontaneous  and  Clinical  Reported  Events  of  Hyperglycemia  in  Patients  Taking
Crestor (Rosuvastatin). 
• Presented findings to the Drug Safety Team at AstraZeneca. February 2004

The  Off-Label  use  of  Procrit  in  Systemic  Lupus  Erythematosus,  Thalassemia,  and  Waldenstrom’s
Macroglobulinemia. 
• Power Point presentation to the formulary review board Keystone Mercy HealthCare. November 2003

Seizures Status Post Cerebrovascular Accidents Incidence and Recommended Treatments. 
• Power Point Presentation- Intensive Care Clinical Rotation Presentation Albert Einstein Hospital. October
2003

Survey of Compliance on the Use of the Alaris Smart Pumps/Drug Safety Audit.
• Presented findings to Safety Review Board Albert Einstein Hospital September 2003

Oral Risedronate in the Treatment of Paget’s Disease of the Bone.
• Power Point presentation- Professional Seminar, University of the Sciences in Philadelphia. April 2003

