Krishna Gupta

Self-driven, motivated Pharmacist. Can adapt to job demands.

Voorhees, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Krishna-Gupta/6db8c0fbf617d562

Patient service-oriented Pharmacist with Doctor of Pharmacy degree and advanced certification in Pharmacist
Immunization Delivery. Strong background in clinical pharmacology and patient medical therapy management.
Flexible in quickly mastering new technologies and information systems. Empathetic and intuitive during client
interactions and adept at building trust and strong customer relations.

Skill Highlights

• Exceptional patient care and interaction
• Excellent telephone etiquette
• Strong clinical background
• Certified Immunizing Pharmacist in NJ
• Extensive medical terminology knowledge
• Drug utilization review
. Leadership skills
• Inventory management
- Good knowledge of pharmacy technology solutions and computer software
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Per Diem Pharmacist
Marlton and Woodbury Family Pharmacy  -  Woodbury, NJ - 2011 to Present

Interpreted and evaluated the validity and safety of medication orders and prescriptions.
• Assisted in Drug Compounding
• Performed all pharmacy-related functions

Pharmacist
Rite Aid Pharmacy  -  Lindenwold, NJ - 2010 to 2011

Safely  administered  immunizations,  travel  medicine,  medication  therapy  management  and  other  specialty
programs.
• Performed all pharmacy-related functions
• Maintained proper inventory levels, rotated stock and immediately complied with prescription drug recalls.
• Successfully assisted customers with medical issues and provided valuable healthcare counseling.

Pharmacist
General Healthcare Resources  -  Plymouth Meeting, PA - 2008 to 2010

Proficiently processed and dispensed written, oral and electronic prescriptions.
• Followed state and federal record keeping guidelines for legend drugs and controlled substances.
• Consistently upheld proper pharmacy and general safety procedures and standards.
• Performed all pharmacy-related functions

Pharmacy Manager
Eckerd Pharmacy  -  Blackwood, NJ - 2005 to January 2007

In charge of the pharmacy for all activities - orders, disputes, processing and dispensing prescriptions.
• Counseled patients and answered drug-related questions.
• Checked and balanced the pharmacy inventory.

Pharmacist
Eckerd Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2002 to January 2005

Performed all pharmacist activities at different Eckerd locations through out Philadelphia region.

Intern
Smith Kline Beecham Pharmaceuticals  -  King of Prussia, PA - 2000 to January 2001

Involved with Western blotting, Protein extraction & fractionation, SDS-PAGE, PCR, Electrophoresis, and DNA
extraction.

Pharmacy Intern
CVS Pharmacy  -  Norristown, PA - 1998 to January 2000

Processed and dispensed prescription medications.
• Took prescription orders from doctors over the phone.

EDUCATION

Doctor of Pharmacy in Sciences
University of the Sciences in Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA
2002

SKILLS

Proficient in Microsoft Office such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access and Outlook. Proficient in Hindi
language.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Presentations
〓 Emerging Therapies for the Management of Acute Ischemic Stroke" - Presented to Medical Information
Department. March 2002
〓  "Management  of  Acute  Myocardial  Infarction"  -  Presented  to  Medical  Information  Department  and
Retavase® Sales Representatives. Centocor, Chesterbrook, PA. February 2002
〓 "Leptospirosis Case Presentation & Disease Review" - Presented to MSH Pharmacy Department, Centocor,
Chesterbrook, PA. November 2001
〓  "Drotrecogin  alfa  for  Severe  Sepsis  Guidelines"  -  Presented  at  Pharmacy  &Therapeutics  Committee
Meeting.Mercy Suburban Hospital, Norristown, PA. October 2001
〓  "Vancomycin  Overview"  -  Presented  to  Infectious  Disease  Medical  Team.Mercy  Suburban  Hospital,
Norristown, PA. October 2001
〓 "Gout" - Presented to MSH Pharmacy Department. Mercy Suburban Hospital, Norristown, PA. October
2001.

