Krupa Patel

Staff Pharmacist - Children's Hospital of Philadelphia

North Wales, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Krupa-Patel/8075aebe191ecb8e

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
Children's Hospital of Philadelphia  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2006 to Present

Philadelphia, PA
Responsibilities include reviewing and processing orders to ensure that the medication is
appropriate in terms of dose, dosage form, route of administration, frequency, duration of therapy, and disease
state. Supervising pharmacy technicians and interns to ensure
pharmacy products are prepared and distributed accurately. Consulting with physicians, nurses, and other
healthcare professionals concerning drug therapies and
implications  in  patient  care.  Processing  total  parenteral  nutrition  (TPN)  orders,  including  compounding.
Reviewing and investigating adverse drug reactions, respond to drug information requests, and conducting
medication reconciliations. Process and prepare all chemotherapy orders according to CHOP Chemotherapy
Standards for inpatient and outpatient units, including investigational compounds according to study protocol.
Knowledgeable with practice and use of RIVA (Robotic IV Automation).

Per Diem Staff Pharmacist
Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital  -  New Brunswick, NJ - July 2005 to May 2008

Responsibilities included ensuring proper dispensing of IV and oral medications.
Monitoring pharmacokinetic levels of appropriate drugs. Participating in code situations.
Collaborate with other health care professionals to plan, monitor, review and evaluate
patient drug therapy effectiveness. Monitoring patients for side effects and drug
interactions.

Staff Pharmacist
CVS Pharmacy  -  East Brunswick, NJ - July 2005 to May 2007

Responsibilities included dispensing prescription medicines the public in a retail setting.
Communicate with physicians/nurses on prescriptions. Assure services are in compliance with professional
standards, state and federal regulatory requirements. Counseling patients regarding medication usage and
side effects.

Consultant Pharmacist
Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital - August 2005 to October 2005

Central NJ
Responsibilities included review of medication regimen of all residents in assigned long- term care facilities at
least once every 30 days. Monitoring medication use for proper
diagnosis,  dosing,  drug  interactions,  and  adverse  events.  Communicating  results  of  therapeutic  drug
monitoring activities to appropriate personnel and monitoring
response to recommendations.

Pharmacy Technician
CVS Pharmacy  -  New Brunswick, NJ - May 2001 to June 2005

Pharmacy Technician

CVS Pharmacy  -  Franklin Park, NJ - July 1998 to June 2005

EDUCATION

Doctor of Pharmacy
Ernest Mario School of Pharmacy
1999 to 2005

The State University of New Jersey - Piscataway, NJ

