Linda Waddell

Supervising Pharmacist - Pathmark Pharmacy

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Linda-Waddell/310f2a2a0ede607a

Seeking full time permanent employment as a staff/chief pharmacist in a retail environment where my years
of experience and positive growth will benefit my employer and community.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Supervising Pharmacist
Pathmark Pharmacy - 2006 to Present

Supervised all new procedures, increased Rx volume by 24%.

Supervising Pharmacist
Pathmark Pharmacy - 2005 to 2005

2005
Returned to work full time while caring for an ill infant. Applied for a transfer to be close to Children's Hospital
Supervised Pharmacy and implemented ERP to store worked at this location for 4 months and transfer was
granted.

Supervisor
Pathmark Pharmacy - 2001 to 2005

Opened a new Pharmacy, started a new inventory, reached out to surrounding health centers, hospitals and
neighboring Physicians' offices to make them aware of our different services we can provide. In one year
volume was that rivaling my last store at Oregon Avenue Pharmacy experiencing positive growth every year.
I went on maternity leave which was extended to long term medical leave to care for my sick infant.

Staff Pharmacist
Pathmark Pharmacy - 1998 to 2001

Transferred to different location to help increase Rx volume by implementing new procedures Patient Care
Procedures,  ERP  Sponsored  Health  Fairs  with  various  prescription  plans  and  local  health  care  clinics.
Increased  total  Rx  volume  by  23%  the  first  year.  Worked  side  by  side  with  Supervisor  to  experience
responsibilities and duties of the Chief Pharmacist.

Staff Pharmacist
Pathmark Pharmacy - 1996 to 1998

Full time staff Pharmacist
• Responsible for making patients satisfied with their pharmacy experience
• Daily paperwork, drug ordering, pharmacy inspections
• Responsible for implementing patient care procedures, ERP which increased Rx volume by 30% 175 - 225
Rx's/daily

Staff Pharmacist
Pathmark Pharmacy - 1994 to 1996

Worked overnight Shift 11:00 P.M. - 7:00 A.M.
• Responsible for filling Rx's
• Checking in drug order delivered in PM

• Setting up fast mover sections in Pharmacy
• Preparing and mailing out all mail order prescriptions
•  Increased  volume  by  implementing  an  early  refill  program  ensuring  Rx's  ready  when  patients  arrive  for
medication

Staff Pharmacist first job professionally
Erie Pharmacy - 1994 to 1995

Part time Pharmacist
• Ordered inventory, filled prescriptions, managed workflow for Rx and OTC items processed medical supplies

PA Registered Pharmacist
Retail Pharmacy

with 17 years of professional work experience in Retail Pharmacy. My experience as a Staff Pharmacist for 8
years prepared me for the position as Supervising Pharmacist for 9 years. My responsibilities included hiring,
scheduling  for  Pharmacy  Staff,  maintaining  and  ordering  Narcotic  Inventory,  Daily/weekly  maintenance  of
inventory, daily review of prescriptions, dispensing immunizations, transfer of overstock inter store, maintained
of vaccines, keeping Pharmacy prepared of PA inspections and Plan Audits.

EDUCATION

Temple University School of Pharmacy
1994

