Martin Rooney

Clinical Pharmacist - Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center

Yardley, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Martin-Rooney/8fad284b21ae8d72

Seeking a hospital pharmacist position in an institution whose mission shares my values of providing
excellent patient care focused on patient safety and positive outcomes. This position will utilize my strong
clinical skills and work ethic to become a valued member of your healthcare team.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Clinical Pharmacist
ARIA  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2015 to Present

Clinical Pharmacist
Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center  -  Boston, MA - October 2001 to Present

Boston

Areas of primary practice include but are not limited to; sterile products (including chemotherapy and biologics),
Heme/Onc (both inpatient and clinic), BMT, NICU, OBGYN, newborn nursery, Post
Partum, Orthopaedics, central pharmacy dispensing, med/surg populations.
Consult with medical staff and offer recommendations and drug education on ordered drug therapies to ensure
proper prescribing and patient safety.
Follow instructions and direction from pharmacy supervisors with accuracy and supervise technicians and
students with care, guidance and respect. Acted as preceptor for pharmacy intern.
Monitor drug therapies which require specific drug levels for therapeutic accuracy and patient safety.

Pharmacist
Clinical / Retail/ Mail  -  Stoneham, MA - January 2000 to October 2001

Clinical Pharmacist
Tufts Medical Center  -  Boston, MA - January 1998 to July 1999

Entrusted to practice as the sole pharmacist on duty providing nightshift coverage.
Areas of practice included but not limited to; oncology, pediatrics, maternity, trauma and ICU
populations.

Staff Pharmacist
Aria Health  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 1991 to October 1997

7 on 7 off practice with specialized responsibilities including admixture of TPN, covering the
Transitional Care Unit, dispensing employee prescriptions, managed daily narcotic inventory
Strictly enforced the hospital formulary and performed cost effective DURs.
In the absence of the Assistant Director of Pharmacy provided inventory control and medication
ordering.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy
Temple University - Philadelphia, PA

August 1988 to May 1991

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Proven pharmacist with more than 23 years of clinical experience gained at highly regarded medical
centers
Work well with diverse staff members as a unified team
Offer versatility through practicing in a variety of specialized areas with ease and comfort to satisfy the
pharmacy departments' needs.

