Maureen Kedanis

Dispensing Pharmacist - OMNICARE PHARMACY

Wallingford, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Maureen-Kedanis/5fc243b6d64a8d03

WORK EXPERIENCE

Dispensing Pharmacist
OMNICARE PHARMACY  -  King of Prussia, PA - 2012 to Present

Provides excellent service and displays commitment to accuracy in a high volume long term care pharmacy.
Responsibilities  include  managing  and  supervising  pharmacy  workflow,  evaluating  physician  medication
orders  for  appropriateness  of  drug,  dosage,  potential  interactions,  route  of  administration  and  stability,
providing clinical expertise by responding to drug-related questions and concerns initiated by physicians and
nurses, and ensuring that the pharmacy is in compliance with all local, state, and federal rules and regulations
regarding the practice of pharmacy. Supervises preparation of sterile IV drug products or solutions. Manages
customer service, data entry, and fill technicians. Works with department managers to ensure timely delivery
of medications to long term care facilities.

Key Achievements:
• Coordinates overnight backup pharmacy services for 5 Omnicare pharmacies, by processing authorizations
for  emergency  removal  of  controlled  substances  from  emergency  kits,  answering  clinical  questions,  and
scheduling emergency delivery of medications from offsite pharmacy.

• Maintains pharmacist productivity in the top 10 percent of staff pharmacists, with a maximum accuracy rate.

• Responsible for the ordering and dispensing of all controlled substances for Eagleville Hospital, going to the
hospital weekly to check in controlled substances, fill each unit's order, deliver orders to proper nursing station,
and maintain perpetual inventory of these medications.

Staff Pharmacist, Pharmacist-In-Charge
CVS PHARMACY  -  Haddonfield, NJ - 1998 to 2009

Demonstrated  and  delivered  excellence  in  a  busy  retail  pharmacy  environment,  executing  a  range  of
pharmacy, management and administrative services while ensuring excellent customer services at all times.
Responsibilities included dispensing prescription and over the counter medicines, counseling and advising
patients  on  use  of  medications,  and  liaising  with  medical  staff  to  provide  effective  drug  therapies  and
treatments.  Coordinated  training  of  pharmacy  interns  and  technicians.  Served  as  expert  on  company's
standards, policies, and procedures. Collaborated with managed care companies and physicians. Tracked
and managed pharmacy inventory. Optimized scheduling, communications, and team development.

Key Achievements:
•  Championed  role  as  preceptor  to  students  from  USP,  Rutgers,  and  Temple  University,  facilitating  with
learning  outcome  achievement  and  training  in  pharmacy  law,  inventory  management,  prescription  filling,
communication, and 3rd party processes.
• Finalized and presented community outreach programs: blood pressure screenings, senior citizen "brown
bag" assessments, and "Meet Your Pharmacist" days.
•  Transformed  store  from  low  customer  service  ratings  by  leveraging  outstanding  customer  service  and
organizational skills to grow patient volume and secure recognition as 'Best in District' (scores of 90+) for 2
years.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy
University of the Sciences in Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA

