Mikala Johnson

Student Pharmacist - ShopRite

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mikala-Johnson/eb5fdbdfca2893de

Licensed,  enthusiastic  pharmacy  student  with  a  Bachelor's  of  Science  in  Pharmaceutical  and  Healthcare
Studies seeking a challenging pharmacy position to provide a willing employer with a dedicated team player,
who  will  implement  and  apply  knowledge  and  experience  gained  from  pharmacy  school  and  a  variety  of
pharmacy-related work experiences.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Student Pharmacist
ShopRite - August 2013 to Present

Camden Community Collaborative Practice - Camden, NJ
Specialized student pharmacist in the Inter-professional Education Experience program, required to work with
other
pharmacy and medical school students of Cooper Medical School every other week at the Camden Community
Collaborative Practice (CCCP) throughout the school year. Devotes 3 to 4 hours every other week at the clinic
and undertakes various responsibilities. May work with patient, individually, by writing up medical histories,
performing
physical examines, and counseling patients on their disease states and medications under the supervision
of a medical
resident. Guarantees that patients are provided with affordable or free medication and ensure that patients are
coordinated with specific needs beyond the clinic, such as dentists or counselors.

Cashier/Pharmacy Technician Trainee
ShopRite  -  Delran, NJ - May 2013 to Present

Current responsibilities at ShopRite have been modified since transition from cashier to a pharmacy technician
trainee.
Must continue to be knowledgeable of product information and special sales offered by ShopRite, as well as
provide
courteous  customer  service  to  customers  at  the  drop-off  and  pick-up  windows.  Assist  and  support  the
pharmacist by entering new patient profiles and prescription into the McKesson system, retrieve, count, and
measure appropriate
medications for a specific prescription while adding corresponding cautionary and auxiliary, and direct patient
counseling questions to the available pharmacist. Required to maintain proper inventory levels by removing
outdated
drugs, ordering and receiving medications, and frequently cycle counting inventory. Obligated to consistently
uphold
proper pharmacy and general safety standards and procedures.

Student Pharmacist
ShopRite - August 2014 to May 2015

Walgreens - Lindenwold, NJ
Pharmacy  student  required  to  gain  introductory  pharmacy  practice  experience  in  the  field  of  community
pharmacy  throughout  the  school  year  at  the  Walgreens  pharmacy  of  Lindenwold,  NJ.  Accountable  for

understanding how to manage a pharmacy by shadowing the pharmacy manager, learning the basics of the
pharmacy computer system,
resolving third party conflicts, assisting customers needing medication counseling, performing a one-on-one
medication
therapy management session with a patient, transcribing medication orders and refills from physicians, helping
the pharmacy staff with prescription orders, when necessary.

Teaching Assistant
ShopRite - August 2013 to May 2014

University of the Sciences Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry - Philadelphia, PA
Accurately completed grading of post labs for two general chemistry lab courses within a reasonable, allotted
amount  of  time.  Certified  that  students  provided  authentic  work  and  adhered  to  the  academic  integrity
standards. Provided students with feedback on grades and possible ways to improve lab grades. Reported
any concerns of students to supervisor.

Store Associate
Defense Agency Commissary  -  Fort Dix, NJ - April 2011 to June 2011

Provided  friendly  customer  service  and  identified  customer  needs.  Managed  inventory  by  organizing  and
restocking
shelves on the store floor. Provided customers with product information, special sales, prompt service, and a
comfortable shopping experience.

EDUCATION

Bachelors of Science in Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Studies
University of the Sciences in Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA
2015

Doctor of Pharmacy
University of the Sciences in Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Computer skills: Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint

