Philip Jacob

PA/NJ Licensed Pharmacist

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Philip-Jacob/83b589369fe3380c

To start a career as a Pharmacist.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist
Yorke Pharmacy  -  Levittown, PA - November 2011 to Present

Review & interpret physician orders, oversee technician duties, detect therapeutic incompatibilities, oversee
safe ordering & storage of medications, counsel patients, comply with all PA & federal pharmacy laws, resolve
third party billing issues, communicate with prescribers, nursing homes & LTC centers, ensure all unit dosed
and nursing home/long-term care patient medications/supplies are delivered on time.

APPE Pharmacy Rotation Student
Albert Einstein Medical Center - March 2011 to April 2011

APPE Rotation 8 (5 weeks) 
Acute care- ICU at AEMC 
Duties: Round with ICU medical team, review patient charts, provide recommendations and help optimize drug
therapy. Students were also responsible for answering drug information questions and completing assignments
such as case presentations, journal clubs and topic discussions.

APPE Pharmacy Rotation student
Ashton family Practice  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2011 to March 2011

Worked with physicians to observe and understand diagnosis procedures and disease state
management. Counseled patients on new and existing medications, asked them about how their therapy is
working for them and looked into monitoring parameters & compliance
issues. Also helped manage insurance issues such as prior authorizations. Patient case presentations, disease
state reviews, journal clubs and drug information questions were presented weekly.

APPE Pharmacy Rotation student
Millennium Pharmacy Systems  -  Hatfield, PA - January 2011 to February 2011

Observed and learned the duties of a consultant pharmacist. Learned the laws associated with long term care
and made interventions to optimize drug therapy. Reviewed patient charts to check drug appropriateness in
terms of indication, monitoring and efficacy. Assigned drug
information projects, journal clubs and various other assignments.

APPE Pharmacy Rotation Student
Home Solutions  -  Horsham, PA - November 2010 to December 2010

Gained a significant amount of experience in the IV room as I worked along side pharmacists and technicians
for 5 weeks. Observed pharmacist duties in checking medication, making calculations, reviewing lab values
and taking physician orders. Observed how pharmacist help meet many home health care needs for patients
outside of medications such as medical supplies.

APPE Pharmacy Rotation Student
Albert Einstein Medical Center  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2010 to November 2010

General Medicine Rotation Albert Einstein Medical Center 
Duties: Round with medical team and review patient charts and medication use prior to rounds. Patient case
presentations, topic discussions and journal clubs were all student responsibilities. Teach medication topics
to medical team upon request.

APPE Pharmacy Rotation Student
Albert Einstein Medical Center  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2010 to September 2010

HPP (Hospital Pharmacy Practice) 
Albert Einstein Medical Center 
Received overview of hospital pharmacy processes, rules and regulations. Reviewed patient cases and went
through medication use patterns in the hospital. Discussed role of pharmacists to decrease hospital stay. Went
over the administrative duties that the pharmacy department is responsible.

APPE Pharmacy Rotation Student
Medicine Shoppe  -  Cheltenham, PA - July 2010 to August 2010

Community Pharmacy Rotation.
Medicine Shoppe Pharmacy 
Learned business aspect of independent community pharmacy. Provided counseling and education to patients.
Dealt with insurance issues and other problems encountered in community pharmacy. Interacted with other
health professionals on a daily basis. Provided a diabetes awareness event at the pharmacy.

APPE Pharmacy Rotation Student
Cigna Home Delivery Pharmacy  -  Horsham, PA - May 2010 to June 2010

Received  an  overview  of  Mail  order  pharmacy  and  went  through  processes  that  the  different  types  of
technicians and pharmacists perform. Learned about the compartmentalized approach to pharmacy that is
employed to run a large scale operation. Presented on various disease states and their management. Looked
up drug information questions assigned by pharmacists.

Pharmacy Intern
Rite Aid   -  Upper Darby, PA - January 2007 to November 2009

Duties: Patient greeting & data collection, data entry, provided prescription/OTC counseling, taking Rx transfers
& physician orders over the phone, assisting with
inventory control and prescription filing.

Pharmacy Volunteer
Pharmacy Department (Outpatient)  -  Philadelphia, VA - September 2008 to May 2009

Philadelphia VA medical center 
assisted  in  patient  care  and  observed  pharmacist  duties  such  as  counseling  and  therapy  management.
Assisted Pharmacist and Pharmacy techs in various duties.

EDUCATION

PharmD in Pharmacy
University of the Sciences - Philadelphia, PA
January 2005 to January 2011

SKILLS

Patient counseling, MTM services, Customer service, Prescription interpretation, verification, data entry,
physician/patient calls, RX orders & transferrs, insurance transmission/rejection/calls, computer skills, IV
preparation

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills
-Patient counseling -Drug Knowledge
-MTM -Computer skills (Microsoft office, NexGen Pharmacy system)
-Pharmacy calculations -Basic IV skills (IV bags, syringes, cassettes & eclipses)
-Customer service

Current license in […]
Current license in NJ […]
APhA Pharmacy based immunization certified

