Sangeeta Samudre

Pharmacist - MIGUEL'S PHARMACY

Sewell, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sangeeta-Samudre/133ffff551856436

Sponsorship required to work in the US

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist
MIGUEL'S PHARMACY  -  Camden, NJ - March 2015 to Present

Camden, New Jersey MAR 2015 - Present
Miguel's Pharmacy is a locally owned and operated pharmacy that offers a wide variety of services ranging
from prescription medication, medical supplies, vitamins and Immunization.

Pharmacist
Joined the Pharmacy to initiate Immunization and Medication Therapy Management Services and lead efforts
to improve the current daily average of 400 plus prescription base with highest customer satisfaction.

Notable Accomplishments -
✓ Initiated In-house Immunization and Medication Therapy Management program and visited communities to
facilitate growth of these programs.

Joined the Pharmacy -
✓ To dispense medications according to physician's orders (E-script, or telephone)
✓ To manage heavy daily prescription volume (400 Plus), Monitor packaging and labeling of medications.
✓ To counsel patients on prescriptions and OTC medications.

Pharmacist in Charge
THRIFTY WHITE DRUG - April 2012 to July 2014

With  reporting  structure  to  Store  Manager,  provided  leadership  towards  two  Pharmacist,  four  Pharmacy
Technicians and three Pharmacy Clerks to achieve highest customer satisfaction with commitment to exceed
the set targets for number of prescriptions filled, in-house immunization program, ready refill, med-sync and
healthy Pak RX programs designed to improve patient adherence for 300 plus prescriptions pharmacy on daily
basis.

Notable Accomplishments -
✓ Demonstrated 100 % increase for in-store immunization program in year 2013 as compared to year 2012.
✓ Increased ready refill program by 20%.
✓ Increased enrollment in MedSync Program by 15%.
✓  Increased  15%  increase  in  patient  count  through  excellent  customer  service  skills,  networking  and
minimizing wait times.

Promoted to Pharmacist in Charge -
✓ To lead, coach, mentor and manage pharmacy staff inclusive but not restricted to training and interviewing.
✓ To reviewing entire pharmacy orders filled by pharmacist and pharmacy technician.
✓  To  identify  opportunities  to  add  value  to  customers  catered  by  suggesting  varied  sale  items  benefiting
customer.

✓ To provide excellent customer service and customer satisfaction by delighting customers every day.
✓ To monitor the operations of pharmacy department including profitability, investment control and compliance
with various laws.
✓ To promote ready refill, med-sync and healthy Pak RX programs designed to improve patient adherence,
compliance and convenience.
✓ To promote a positive in-house and outdoor immunization drive involving flu, shingles and pneumonia shots.
✓ To promote medication therapy management through Therapeutic Outcomes and Mirixa.
✓ To maintain inventory control through in house program TWRX and Beacon TCGrX.

THRIFTY WHITE DRUG  -  Williston, ND - October 2011 to July 2014

Thrifty White Drug Pharmacy is an employee owned pharmacy with an annual revenue around 190 Million
USD. Its Mission is centered on competitive commitment to provide healthcare to small towns and cities in
the rural Midwest from 1,000 to 90,000 in population, with over 80+ locations in Minnesota, North Dakota,
South Dakota, Iowa, Montana and Wisconsin. The company's primary focus is pharmacy business along with
associated drug store operations with commitment to provide healthcare to small towns and cities in the rural
mid-west that range from 1,000 to 90,000 in population.

Pharmacist
THRIFTY WHITE DRUG - October 2011 to April 2012

Reported directly to the Pharmacist in Charge, dispensed prescriptions and provided appropriate services and
consultation to every customer in compliance with federal and state laws and store policies and procedures.

Notable Accomplishments -
✓ Promoted to Leadership position to lead the Pharmacy in the capacity of Pharmacist in Charge within a span
of 6 months of joining, based on demonstrated leadership abilities to lead Pharmacy technicians to provide
excellent customer service through 360-degree feedback.

Joined the Pharmacy -
✓ To dispense medications according to physician's orders (fax, E-script, or telephone)
✓ To manage heavy daily prescription volume, Monitor packaging and labeling of medications for retail as well
as unit dose packs for nursing home and assisted living for elderly patients.
✓ To compound prescriptions, supervise technician on preparation of compounds.
✓ To administer vaccines (influenza, pneumococcal, Tdap, shingles etc.)
✓ To counsel patients on prescriptions and OTC medications.
✓  To  manage  third  party  billing  (Medicare  Part  A/Part  B/Part),  Work  Compensation  Claims,  treatment
Authorization Requests.
✓ To act as preceptor for Pharmacy Interns.

Pharmacy Intern
CARTER'S DRUG STORE  -  Fayetteville, TN - 2009 to 2010

Fayetteville, Tennessee 2009 - 2010
Carter's Drug Store is an independently owned retail pharmacy that has been serving customers for over 100
years. Carter's provides unique services to the people of Fayetteville, TN and the surrounding areas such as
free in-town delivery, personal consultations and also going back to the old way of compounding drugs to meet
their customer's needs.

Pharmacy Intern
Reported directly to the Pharmacist in Charge, dispensed prescriptions and provided appropriate services and
consultation to every customer in compliance with federal and state laws and store policies and procedures.

✓ Processed new prescriptions and refills in compliance with state laws, regulations, and store policies.
✓  Dispensed  prescriptions:  retrieved  the  drug  product(s);  counted,  poured,  or  measured  out  the  required
quantity according to established store methods and procedures; affixed the label permanently to the container;
and performed a final audit of the prescription.
✓ Responded to telephone requests from customers with regards to prescription queries or refills.

✓ Offered advice and professional consultation; acted as a role model to the pharmacy team; efficiently handled
customer complaints; and performed duties to keep wait times to a minimum.
✓  Performed  Drug  Utilization  Review  under  the  supervision  of  the  Pharmacist  and  offered  counseling  to
patients about their prescription drugs and health related products.
✓ Operated Pharmacy Management System RX 30 interfaced with Script pro.
✓ Followed security measures and controls at all times to protect store assets.
✓ Supported the business vision with achieving daily goals.
✓ Assisted the compounding pharmacist in dispensing compounded prescriptions (capsules, suspensions,
solutions, creams, ointment, and lotions) in accordance to the guidelines set by the industry in an efficient
and timely manner.

Scientific Writer
PATHEON INC  -  Mississauga, ON - 2002 to 2006

Mississauga, Ontario 2002 - 2006
Patheon  is  a  leading  global  provider  of  outsourced  drug  manufacturing  and  development  services  to
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies headquartered in Mississauga, Canada employing more than
5,800 providing services at 14 facilities in North America and Europe.
Scientific Writer
Generated data, procedures and reports related to validation and method development

Quality Control Analyst
TORPHARM INC  -  Toronto, ON - 2001 to 2002

Toronto, Ontario 2001 - 2002
Torpharm is a division of Apotex Inc. which is largest Canadian Pharmaceutical Company with 5,300 plus
employees headquartered in Toronto, Canada with total sales of CAD $1.0 Billion throughout 115 countries
over the world.
Quality Control Analyst
Worked as a self motivated team player within the Quality Control department under minimal supervision.

Quality Control Analyst
RAPTAKOS BRETT  -  Thane, Maharashtra - 1995 to 2000

Thane, India 1995 - 2000
Raptakos  Brett  focused  primarily  in  the  areas  of  nutrition  and  dietary  supplements,  APIs,  pharmaceutical
dosage forms and analytical methods.
Quality Control Analyst
Worked as a self-motivated team player, within the Quality Control department under minimal supervision.

CERTIFICATIONS

Pharmacist - NJ

Pharmacist - PA

Pharmacist - ND

Pharmacist - VA

Pharmacist - TN

