Soo Ham

Yardley, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Soo-Ham/7154d41a22f86664

Provide outstanding pharmaceutical care and service as an outpatient pharmacist.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Army Outpatient Contract Pharmacist
PT 20hrs  -  Fort Sam Houston, TX - February 2011 to June 2012

Contract with Federal Staffing Resources, Baltimore, MD
Contract  pharmacist  working  with  the  Department  of  the  Army  at  a  busy  satellite  outpatient  pharmacy.
Performed
multiple functions as a licensed pharmacist in support of the dispensing of over 3,000 prescriptions daily for
Department of Defense military patients and beneficiaries.

Mail Order At Home Pharmacist - FT 30hrs/wk
Express Scripts, Inc  -  Trevose, PA - September 2004 to June 2009

Verified prescriptions from home by viewing data entry orders after logging on to the Express Scripts, Inc
server.
Averaged 65 prescription verifications per hour with over 99.9% accuracy. Ensured all prescription orders had
the correct patient name, drug name, strength, directions for use, quantity, refills, prescriber information, and
patient
address. Adhered to all Federal and State pharmacy laws.

Civil Service pharmacist
Air Force Ambulatory Care Pharmacist  -  Travis AFB, CA - September 2001 to July 2004

with the Department of the Air Force. Managed anticoagulation therapy for patients
enrolled and prescribed warfarin therapy in the David Grant Medical Center's Internal Medicine Clinic. Ensured
INR rates were within normal limits and if necessary adjusted medication doses and regimens to meet target
INR
goals. Additionally worked as requested in the main outpatient pharmacy and satellite BX pharmacy to verify
prescriptions using CHCS and PharmASSIST barcode verification system. ChemoChek certification and Nova
Southeastern Patient Physical Assessment certification.

Retail Supervisory and Staff Pharmacist
Rite Aid Pharmacy  -  Dover, DE - March 1999 to August 2001

Verified  medication  prescriptions,  counseled  patients,  communicated  with  doctors,  physician  assistants,
dentists,
nurses, and other pharmacists regarding medication orders. Stocked shelves, performed controlled drug
inventories,  replenished  inventory,  ran  daily  performance  reports  all  while  maintaining  strict  adherence  to
Federal and State pharmacy laws. Supervised up to three pharmacy technicians and a cashier.

Retail Staff Pharmacist
Shop Rite Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 1998 to March 1999

Verified medication orders. Counseled patients, intervened when necessary with physicians, nurses, and other
health care providers. Performed blood pressure checks and assisted with recommending OTC medications.
Ensured the pharmacy adhered to all Federal and State pharmacy laws. Managed inventory, reports, and cash

register.

EDUCATION

B.S.
Temple University School of Pharmacy - Philadelphia, PA
May 1998

