Svetlana Arkadyev

Pharmacist - I&L Express Pharmacy

Huntingdon Valley, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Svetlana-Arkadyev/427fe2e64afc46bc

Highly trained Pharmacist with strong clinical abilities and a successful career in Hospital, Oncology ambulatory
care  and  Retail  facilities.  Proactive  and  organized  with  passionate  commitment  to  first-rate  patient  care.
Licensed in PA with seven years of expertise.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist
I&L Express Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2014 to Present

Responsibilities:
Review prescriptions to assure accuracy, to ascertain the needed ingredients, and to evaluate their suitability.
Provide  information  and  advice  regarding  drug  interactions,  side  effects,  dosage,  and  proper  medication
storage.
Provide specialized services to help patients manage conditions such as diabetes, asthma, smoking cessation,
or high blood pressure.
Collaborate with other health care professionals to plan, monitor, review, or evaluate the quality or effectiveness
of drugs or drug regimens, providing advice on drug applications or characteristics.
Offer  health  promotion  and  prevention  activities,  for  example,  training  patients  on  devices,  such  as  blood
pressure or diabetes monitors. Ensure compliance with all company procedures and federal and state laws,
rules and regulations.
Perelman center for advanced medicine, Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania

Clinical Oncology Pharmacist
Perelman Center for Advanced Medicine, Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania   -  Philadelphia,
PA - October 2011 to June 2014

Reviewed physician orders and dispensing medications with a focus on research oncology protocol orders for
ambulatory infusion service.
Reviewed patient specific parameters, doses, infusion time and concentrations for IV chemotherapy, monitored
and helped manage drug therapies.
Worked with research protocols phase I-III for oral and IV medications
Followed preparation techniques and dispensing requirements.
Provided clinical information to healthcare providers, such as NP, MD, research and infusion
nurses, with regards to research protocols and standard therapies.
Was  overseeing  pharmacy  technicians,  interns  and  students  and  ensured  accuracy  of  their  work  prior  to
dispensing.
On weekends worked in IV admixture room, providing medications for 900 beds hospital.
Prepared sterile solutions or infusions for use in surgical procedures, emergency rooms and general patient
care.

Clinical Pharmacist
Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2008 to October 2011

Collaborated  with  other  health  care  professionals  to  plan,  monitor,  review,  and  evaluate  the  quality  and
effectiveness of drug regimens, providing advice on drug applications and characteristics.
Worked as clinical pharmacist in decentralized setting.

Followed patients on pharmacokinetics for antibiotic dosing.
Participated in discharge rounds.
Provided counseling for the patients.
Provided therapy recommendations to health care providers (Mds, NPs, PAs) regarding patient dosing based
on patient specific parameters, such as CrCl and BSA based medications. •
Worked in IV admixture preparation room and supervised team of technicians.
Monitored and verified accuracy and preparation technics for various IV admixtures, including chemotherapy.

Intern / Pharmacist
CVS Pharmacy  -  Langhorne, PA - September 2005 to February 2008

Communicated and interacted with physicians, nurses and dentists. •
Complied with all company procedures and federal and state laws, rules and regulations.
Was responsible for all aspects of Pharmacy Operations within the store, including inventory, personnel and
customer relations.

EDUCATION

PharmD
Temple University School of Pharmacy
May 2007

Associate in Critical Care
Kiev Medical College - Kiev
1993

