Tari Shapiro

Pharmacist - Makefield Town Pharmacy

Pennsauken, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tari-Shapiro/8b0e0c60012102eb

Experienced  Pharmacist  in  Sterile  Compounding,  Speciality  Pharmacy,  and  Supervision  of  technicians.
Excellent
organizational and time management skills allow for fluid movement into new positions. Patient oriented with
exceptional
counseling and quality patient care. Currently licensed in Pennsylvania and NJ license is pending.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist
Makefield Town Pharmacy  -  Morrisville, PA - August 2015 to Present

Part-time Community Pharmacist position.
Extensive patient counseling and medication recommendation
Continual contact with staff of local physician's offices and staff for patient therapy management.

Staff Pharmacist
Careplus Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2012 to October 2015

Checking Pharmacist for HIV, Transplant, Hepatitis C *Opened and closed the store *Managed inventory and
handled customer questions *Promoted to Oncology Department handling Celgene products *Used time
management and organizational skills, to worked the department to run more fluidly.
Recorded and maintained paperwork for REMS programs *Counseled patients and determined if ADE reports
were taken and reported *Followed up on ADE reports and the outcome.

Staff Pharmacist PT
Temple Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2010 to January 2012

Great opportunity to learn Oncology pharmacy.
Interpreted and entered physician generated orders.
Orders were checked for accuracy based on dosage and patient parameters.
Reviewed and approved MRI and CAT scan orders *Maintained Pyxis Stations *Prepared Chemotherapy in a
sterile ISO 7 Environment.
Ordered and maintained inventory.

Pharmacist Staff Pharmacist/Supervisor
Central Admixture Pharmacy Services  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2007 to January 2012

Interpreted and entered physician generated custom TPN and Cardioplegia orders.
Compounded orders using Baxa EM2400 Pumps • Oversee and supervise technicians during compounding to
ensure aseptic technique and SOPs were followed *Interface with hospital pharmacies when orders needed
further evaluation *Oversee and troubleshoot any problems that arose within the pharmacy, warehouse or
delivery
process.

Pharmacist

Towne Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 1998 to January 2007

Philadelphia, NJ
Performed all standard duties required as a pharmacist *Compounded specialized prescriptions for local
Dermatologists, Children's Hospital, and Physical Therapy programs *Implemented new computerized CSOS
system *Assimilated Medicare D program into the system Including adding and troubleshooting all software
programs *Had direct contact with insurance companies to facilitate the insureds' usage of the program
*Conducted  meetings  at  local  community  centers  to  guide  Seniors  and  answer  questions  able  the  new
Medicare
D program.

EDUCATION

Pharmacy
University of the Sciences in Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA

CERTIFICATIONS

Pharmacist
September 2016

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skill Highlights
Strong background in Sterile Compounding Proficient in Microsoft Office
Excellent patient interaction and counseling skills Proficient in Excel
Knowledge of USP 797 and 795 Aseptic Guidelines Excellent skills in staff motivation/teamwork
Accomplished Supervisory skills MTM Certification pending training completion

