Zachary Spurlin

Upper Gwynedd, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Zachary-Spurlin/402be4e44c905f82

Pharmacist  licensed  in  Pennsylvania  with  a  strong  background  in  clinical  pharmacology  and  medication
therapy management. Patient service-oriented pharmacist with Doctor of Pharmacy degree and advanced
certification in Pharmacist Immunization Delivery. Empathetic and intuitive during client interactions and adept
at building trust and strong professional relationships.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Volunteer Pharmacist
Community Volunteers In Medicine  -  West Chester, PA - September 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
- Prepare and dispense medications for patients who cannot afford healthcare. During this process patients
are counseled and all questions are answered.
-Perform medication therapy management (MTM) with patients who require a high volume of medications
-Demonstrate proper use of medical devices and medical supplies to applicable patients.

Staff Pharmacist
Rite Aid Pharmacy  -  Ambler, PA - June 2014 to June 2015

Responsibilities
-  Manage  a  high  volume  of  patient  accounts.  Consult  with  hundreds  of  physicians  and  patients  to  fill
prescriptions, review side effects, discuss drug interactions and resolve medication problems. 
- Regularly complete paperwork and enter prescription and insurance billing information into patient profiles.
- Provide critical information and advice to patients regarding possible drug interactions, side effects, dosage
and proper medication storage. 
- Consistently uphold proper pharmacy procedures and standards and maintain patient confidentiality.
- Safely administer immunizations.

Pharmacy Internship
Janssen Scientific Affairs, LLC  -  Titusville, NJ - February 2014 to March 2014

Preceptor: Tricia Lopena, PharmD
• Updated clinical response letters for Ultram®, Invega®, Invega Sustenna®, Intelence® and Edurant®
• Attended meetings and helped review promotional materials for Invega Sustenna®
• Interviewed PharmDs throughout the company in various departments including HECOR, drug development,
regulatory and clinical trial development
• Attended a Professional Development Day (PDD) for Rutgers fellows

Pharmacy Intern
CVS Pharmacy  -  Richboro, PA - May 2010 to May 2013

Responsibilities included dispensing various medications, receiving and interpreting prescriptions, processing
insurance claims, compounding prescriptions and counseling patients on their medications.

EDUCATION

Doctorate in Pharmacy (PharmD)- Cum Laude
Philadelphia College of Pharmacy - Philadelphia, PA
2008 to 2014

BS in Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Studies
University of the Sciences in Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA
2008 to 2012

SKILLS

Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation, Basic Life Support

CERTIFICATIONS

Liscened Pharmacist
September 2014 to September 2016

Authorization to Administer Injectables
September 2014 to September 2016

