Anari Minus

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anari-Minus/75038236693315d5

Anari Minus
43 N Frazier Street
Philadelphia, PA. 19139
[…]
Anariminus19@yahoo.com

Profile:
• Knowledge of Medical Terminology, Anatomy and Physiology, and Basic Pathology
• Knowledge of Medical Insurance, Medical Law and Ethics
• Dedicated to helping others; sensitive and responsive to people’s needs.

Education:
Lincoln Technical Institute, Philadelphia, PA
Murrell Dobbins High School, Philadelphia, PA

Clinical/Administrative Skills:
Concept of Medical Database Med-Soft, Medical Records, Data Entry
Basic Pharmacology, EKG, Aseptic Techniques, Specimen Collection
Knowledge of PC Application Microsoft Word/Excel 

Certification:
Pennsylvania Adult Residential Licensing

Professional Work Experience:
Handy Philadelphia, PA
Cleaning Associate November- Present
Complete client cleaning list which includes but not limited to: sweeping and mopping floors, emptying trash,
clean  and  disinfect  bathrooms,  steam-clean  carpets,  use  cleaning  solutions  to  remove  stains  and  clean
surfaces, clean windows, glass partitions, and mirrors, using soapy water or other cleaners, sponges, and
squeegees, and dust furniture and scrub surfaces clean.

Sarah Care home health Agency Philadelphia, PA 
Home Health Aide October-Present
A dedicated, responsible and attentive support care provider. I ensure the needs of my clients are met in a
timely and professional manner.

Reliance Family Care Services Philadelphia, PA 
Direct Care March 2015 – Present
Administrator  patient  medication  as  needed,  following  the  dosage  labeling  for  safety  and  accuracy,  light
housekeeping to ensure a stable and clean living environment, meal preparation, and assist with daily activities,
such as grooming, etc.

McDonalds Philadelphia, PA 
Cashier May 2013 to March 2015

Greeted customers in a friendly and responsive manner. Ensured that customer needs were met by exhibiting
the ability to take and process accurate food orders. Accurately processed payments and reconciled register
receipts. Cleaned the store at night in preparation for the next day.

Kmart Philadelphia, PA 
Cashier September 2012 to April 2013
Stocked items for resale in the appropriate place, answered and directed customers to the appropriate aisles
for shopping, reconciled register receipts, and used cash register to accurately process customer sales.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Handyman Matters  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
Present
Complete client cleaning list which includes but not limited to: sweeping and mopping floors, emptying trash,
clean  and  disinfect  bathrooms,  steam-clean  carpets,  use  cleaning  solutions  to  remove  stains  and  clean
surfaces, clean windows, glass partitions, and mirrors, using soapy water or other cleaners, sponges, and
squeegees, and dust furniture and scrub surfaces clean.

Home Health Aide
Sarah Care Home Health Agency  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
Help With everyday living .

Accomplishments
Taking care of other people when they need help.

Skills Used
Light house work, socializing

Direct Care Staff
Reliance Family Care Services  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2015 to Present

Direct Care
The project aims to supplement the education and qualifications of direct care to people with severe mental

Cashier
McDonalds  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2013 to March 2015

Greet customers, take and assemble orders and receive payments, reconciled register receipts

Cashier
Kmart  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2012 to April 2013

Reconciled Register Receipts; used adding machine to manage cash for sold items, stock items when required.

EDUCATION

Clinical/Administrative Skills

Murrell Dobbins High School - Philadelphia, PA

Lincoln Technical Institute - Philadelphia, PA

