Basheeba Lewis

Housekeeping

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Basheeba-Lewis/163a610515b5935b

Seeking a position utilizing Customer Service experience and strong organizational skills.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
LaQuinta Inn and Suites  -  San Antonio, TX - March 2014 to May 2015

Carry linens, towels, toilet items, and cleaning supplies, using wheeled carts.
Disinfect equipment and supplies. Clean rooms, hallways, restrooms, corridors, stairways, locker rooms, and
other
work areas so that health standards are met. Empty wastebaskets, empty and clean ashtrays, and transport
other
trash and waste to disposal areas. Replenish supplies, such as drinking glasses, linens, writing supplies, and
bathroom items. Dust and polish furniture and equipment. Keep storage areas and carts well-stocked, clean,
and tidy.
Wash windows, walls, ceilings, and woodwork, waxing and polishing as necessary.

Oder taker/short order cook
Einstein Bagels  -  San Antonio, TX - January 2012 to March 2013

Clean food preparation equipment, work areas, and counters or tables.
Take  orders  from  customers  and  cook  foods  requiring  short  preparation  times,  according  to  customer
requirements.
Restock  kitchen  supplies,  rotate  food,  and  stamp  the  time  and  date  on  food  in  coolers.  Perform  food
preparation
tasks, such as making sandwiches, carving meats, making soups or salads, baking breads or desserts, and
brewing
coffee or tea. Complete orders from steam tables, placing food on plates and serving customers at tables or
counters.
Perform general cleaning activities in kitchen and dining areas.Accept payments.

Receptionist
Marcom Technologies  -  Drexel Hill, PA - July 2009 to December 2011

Operate telephone switchboard to answer, screen, or forward calls, providing information, taking messages,
or  scheduling  appointments.  Greet  persons  entering  establishment.Transmit  information  or  documents  to
customers,
using  computer,  mail,  or  facsimile  machine.  Perform  administrative  support  tasks,  such  as  proofreading,
transcribing
handwritten information, or operating calculators or computers to work with pay records, invoices, balance
sheets, or other documents. File and maintain records.

