Cheyenne Lynch

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Cheyenne-Lynch/f6e53d7572bce8ab

To obtain a housekeeping position in an organization that will utilize my experience in providing cleaning and
sanitization service in compliance with the health administration.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Courtyard Philadelphia   -  Philadelphia, PA - 2014 to 2015

Responsibilities
• Clean rooms, lounges, lobbies, bathrooms and hallways
• Vacuum and wash carpets and rugs
• Empty wastepaper baskets and ashtrays
• Transport trash to waste disposal equipment
• Dust and polish wooden surfaces and furniture
• Replace light bulbs and repair fixtures
• Replenish bathroom and mini bar supplies

Skills Used
• Highly skilled in cleaning rooms and other interior and outside areas

• Documented success in maintaining guest rooms

• Able to replenish cleaning supplies and paper products in rest rooms

• Thorough understanding of maintaining rooms in a clean and presentable fashion

• In-depth knowledge of ensuring guestrooms are properly stripped of bed linens and terry, garbage, and debris

• Proven record of performing cleaning duties such as dust, vacuum, clean rest rooms, pick up garbage and
things to be shredded

• Able to give accurate room service to guests

• Thorough understanding of operating cleaning equipment

• Team player with a strong ability to motivate others and resolve conflicts

Representative
Response Power Major Energy  - 2013 to 2014

Responsibilities
Serves customers by selling products; meeting customer needs.Sales Representative Job Duties:
Services existing accounts, obtains orders, and establishes new accounts by planning and organizing daily
work schedule to call on existing or potential sales outlets and other trade factors.
Adjusts content of sales presentations by studying the type of sales outlet or trade factor.

Focuses sales efforts by studying existing and potential volume of dealers.
Submits orders by referring to price lists and product literature.
Keeps management informed by submitting activity and results reports, such as daily call reports, weekly work
plans, and monthly and annual territory analyses.
Monitors competition by gathering current marketplace information on pricing, products, new products, delivery
schedules, merchandising techniques, etc.
Recommends changes in products, service, and policy by evaluating results and competitive developments.
Resolves  customer  complaints  by  investigating  problems;  developing  solutions;  preparing  reports;  making
recommendations to management.
Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional
publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies.
Provides historical records by maintaining records on area and customer sales.
Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.

Cashier
Dunkin Donuts   -  Philadelphia, PA - 2013 to 2013

Responsibilities
Received customers pleasantly, took their orders, transmitted to kitchen staff, served, and prepared bills.
Prepared food items as per the established standards.
Adhered to the quality and work standards of the chain.
Maintained the equipment, such as kitchen,food areas and Floors for proper condition.
Maintained cleanliness in the work stations.
Assisted the other staff members in taking orders.
Analyzed customer complaints and feedback for constant improvements.

EDUCATION

Diploma
Philadelphia Job Corp

SKILLS

Loyal , Responsible , MultiTask , Socialize , Team Leader , Organized , People Skills

