Deandre Porter

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Deandre-Porter/814a41e4efc19b16

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Line Cook/Prep Cook
Shearton hotel downtown   -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
Setting up and stock stations with all necessary supplies. 
Preparing food for service. chopping vegetables, butchering meat, or preparing sauces)Cooking menu items
in cooperation with the rest of the kitchen staff.
Answering report and follow executive or sous chef's instructions. 
Clean up station and take care of leftover food . 
Stock inventory appropriately. 
Ensure that food comes out simultaneously, in high quality and in a timely fashion. 
Maintain a positive and professional approach with coworkers and customers.

Line Cook/Prep Cook
little nonna's  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2016 to May 2016

Responsibilities
Setting up and stock stations with all necessary supplies. 
Preparing food for service. chopping vegetables, butchering meat, or preparing sauces)Cooking menu items
in cooperation with the rest of the kitchen staff.
Answering report and follow executive or sous chef's instructions. 
Clean up station and take care of leftover food . 
Stock inventory appropriately. 
Ensure that food comes out simultaneously, in high quality and in a timely fashion. 
Maintain a positive and professional approach with coworkers and customers

Skills Used
knife skills and the ability to set up a cooking station for a high volume restaurant, Quick thinking, food handing

Line cook/Prep cook
BARRA RESTAURANT - June 2015 to December 2015

Truck driver
G.A.R trucking   -  Bear, DE - November 2013 to May 2015

•Picking up air cargo from airport 
•Delivering air freight.

Line Cook/Prep cook
sassy pans catering   -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2007 to July 2013

• Preparing all food items in a hygienic and timely manner
• Setting up location on the line with restaurant guidelines
• Cleaning and maintaining service station

• Assisting with the cleaning, hygiene, and organization of kitchen, barge in coolers, and all storage areas
• Following recipes, piece controls and presentation specifications as set by the restaurant management
• Restocking all items as required throughout shift
• Performng extra responsibilities as requested by the Chef, Sous Chef or Kitchen Manager

Dish washer
CHESTNUT HILL GRILL - June 2004 to July 2007

• Cleaning, washing and storing pots, pans and dishes
• Emptying trash and recycle bins
• Operating trash compactor and dishwasher
• Stocking supplies such as utensils in serving stations and cupboards
• Receiving and store food supplies
• Assist janitorial staff in routine cleaning procedures

EDUCATION

HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA in COMMUNICATION
LA SALLE COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOL - Wyndmoor, PA
2001 to 2005

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS & ABILITIES
Knowledge  of  safety,  cleanliness  and  safe  food  handling  measures,  Able  to  work  efficiently  in  a  team
environment, Proven ability to work peacefully and efficiently under pressure, Excellent communication skills

