Derrick Myers

Willow Grove, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Derrick-Myers/b5948fac5d53b12c

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Doylestown Hospital  -  Doylestown, PA - December 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
Removes different types of trash, i.e. municipal, infectious, and chemotherapeutic waste.

Vacuums carpet/spot carpet as required.

Dust/damp mops floors.

Identifies and reports broken or faulty equipment.

Prepares patient room for occupancy.

Recognizes the existence of cultural differences and utilizes appropriate resources available throughout the
Hospital to respond to the needs of the pediatric, adolescent, adult and geriatric patient, family member and/
or visitor.

Demonstrate the highest level of professionalism and ethical standards in the performance of their duties with
integrity and to comply with all applicable laws in a manner that excludes considerations of personal advantage
or gain.

Adheres to Doylestown Hospital's Corporate Compliance Plan, and to all rules and regulations of all applicable
local, state, and federal agencies and accrediting bodies.

9. Complies with HIPAA privacy rules by only discussing, or seeking out information about the status of patients
to whom care is being provided with other providing care to that same patient, and ensuring such discussion
takes place in a confidential setting.  

Custodian
Kindercare Learning Centers  -  Hatboro, PA - June 2014 to February 2016

in 

cleaning  operation 

Perform  general 
In  and  near  designated
restrooms,classrooms,shops,offices,and common areas.Empty waste receptacles and large recycle bins into
collection bins.Clean floor areas by sweeping,dusting,damp mopping and buffing. 
*Perform other janitorial duties such as cleaning furniture,vacuuming,carpets,drapes,dusting window sills and
molding; cleaning stairs ,glass doors and panels; vacuuming and removing spots from carpets,wax and polish
floor areas.

the 

following  areas: 

Custodian
Lakeside School  -  North Wales, PA - July 2012 to January 2016

in 

cleaning  operation 

In  and  near  designated
Perform  general 
restrooms,classrooms,shops,offices,and common areas.Empty waste receptacles and large recycle bins into
collection bins.Clean floor areas by sweeping,dusting,damp mopping and buffing. 
*Perform other janitorial duties such as cleaning furniture,vacuuming,carpets,drapes,dusting window sills and
molding; cleaning stairs ,glass doors and panels; vacuuming and removing spots from carpets,wax and polish
floor areas

the 

following  areas: 

Housekeeping
foundation behavioral health  -  Doylestown, PA - August 2015 to December 2015

                                                                                                                 

   *Perform general cleaning operation in the following areas In and near designated restrooms,classrooms,
bedrooms,shops,offices,and common areas.Empty waste receptacles and large recycle bins into collection
bins.Clean floor areas by sweeping,dusting,damp mopping and buffing.                                              

   *Perform other janitorial duties such as cleaning furniture,vacuuming,carpets,drapes,dusting window sills
and molding; cleaning stairs ,glass doors and panels; vacuuming and removing spots from carpets,wax and
script floors

Support Specialist (IDD WORKER )
Comhar Inc. (Intellectual Developmental Disabilities Center)  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2006 to August
2015

Provides supervision over clients in a workshop setting with a diagnose of mental retardation in a manner of
which they can provide job functions in the working field.
• Supervise personal care, managing money, and training, also provide lifting/transfer individuals as needed
and assist /support to individuals with agitated/aggressive behaviors.
• Defensive Driving, Crisis Management, Crisis Intervention, Universal Precautions, and Positive Approaches
to challenging behaviors, first aid and CPR.

Residential Worker
Intercommunity Action Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2002 to 2003

Monitored/supervised people with a diagnosis of MH/MR in a residential home.
•  Conducted  professional  development  for  clients  released  from  prison  to  be  able  to  transmission  to  the
community to live.
• Specialty plans were put into place related to behavioral of each client as well as recreation and leisure
activities.
• Maintained records noting progress, cooking, cleaning, and transported clients to appointments

EDUCATION

High School Diploma in Education Center
student education High School - Philadelphia, PA

