Ericka Williams

Housekeeper

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ericka-Williams/15d5d40cc7b9158d

To apply the skills and knowledge that I have acquired in
a position which is both challenging and rewarding with an opportunity
to excel in a Housekeeping position.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Linen Attendant/ Housekeeping
The Hill at Whitemash - July 2013 to August 2015

Picks up, folds, stocks and delivers all linen per department standards.
Measures and tracks volume of laundry washed on a daily basis utilizing the scale.
Alerts Housekeeping Manager regarding any maintenance issues with all laundry equipment.
Used laundry supplies efficiently and insures sufficient supply of laundry chemicals are available.
Tracks/Monitors  utilization  of  linens  and  insures  adequate  supply  of  linens  are  on  hand  to  meet  the
department's needs.
Worked in healthcare cleaning bathrooms, hallways, cleaning residents rooms and emptying trash from all
four floors and Operating the trash compactor.

Residential Housekeeper
A Step Above Cleaning Services - September 2012 to July 2013

Cleaning homes thoroughly throughout Bucks and Montgomery Counties.
* Cleaning Bathrooms, Bedrooms, Kitchens, Living Rooms, Dining Room, and Basements
* Scrubbing Woodworks, Vacuuming, Waxing floors, washing windows, and dusting high and low.

Equipment Operator
Wells Fargo Bank - March 2011 to September 2012

Operates IBML scanner equipment to process daily work
* Performs Transmissions for end of shift process.
* Execute jobs through pc or crt: monitoring process.
* Settle all accounts at the settlement desk.
* Performs data entry for all accounts coming from the scanner.
* Works under direct supervision receiving detailed instructions on work

Payment Processor
Manpower/PECO Energy  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2007 to November 2010

Open mail on the high speed 150 extraction equipment.
* Open mail on the 50 and the 51
* Imaged payments for posting to customer accounts and archival.
* Balance multiple payments for posting.
* Operate the high speed encoder.
* Prepare deposit.
* Data entry for checks and payment stubs using the 10 key entry

* End of day process
* Open daily report sheet and enter current date. Input transaction amount &interface sequence number and
number of items from extract report. Enter deposit slip total from deposit ticket and enter run
number from cash letter. Ensure no variance. If there is a variance resolve and re-enter totals.

Data Entry Operator
Source One-Tasty Baking Company  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2004 to June 2007

Open and prepare mail to be scanned.
* Scan Invoices and DSD onto tastykake hard drive

Preparation Clerk/Sorter Operator
Federal Reserve Bank  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2000 to June 2004

Prepared sorter work to run on high speed.
* Input data such as cash letter tickets, batch tickets commercial
checks and government checks and of block tickets.
* Input other institutions data and keyed in each individual block
amount.

Housekeeping
Protocall/Aria Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - December 2015

Responsibilities
Keeping the building services clean and sanitized
Completing  housekeeping  assignments  in  accordance  with  established  departmental  quality  and  quantity
standards.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma
Central High School - Palm Beach, FL

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Qualifications:
My experience as Data Entry/Processor has allowed me to grow to top
speed. I am organized, independent and reliable. My keystroke is 15000.
Impeccable as well as accurate. I am extremely competitive with my key stroke, and I work well under
pressure.

