Ira Revell

Building Engineer at School District of Phila. & Facilities Management & Services

Willingboro, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ira-Revell/0df56825aa988c86

A versatile, confident, decision-maker Detail minded Dependable
Self motivated negotiator above average education
Boiler Operator and Very Good Supervisor Skills
Really Respectful and Honest 2 years Perfect Attendance

WORK EXPERIENCE

Building Engineer
School District of Phila. & Facilities Management & Services  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1995 to Present

Class A Engineer License
Responsible for all facilities activities and personnel
Communicate the goals and objectives to all staff under their leadership of
Both the School District of Phila. & Facilities Management & Services.

Responsibile for the clean, safe and well maintained operation of school
buildings. Establish clear expectation for staff.
Demonstrate leadership and support for team approach Providing

Maintenance and upkeep of school building on a daily basis
Performing preventive and routine maintenance and repairs on building and systems; including but not limited
to HVAC, electrical, plumbing, carpentry, painting, general building repairs, life safety and associated systems.

Completing assigned work and maintenance requests in a timely and professional manner

Executing emergency procedures on building systems and sub-systems
Performing trash and snow removal as needed.

Climbing ladders to replace lamps and to work on equipment
Specific physical demands include lifting equipment, tools, and building supplies..

Performing  operational  checks  to  ensure  equipment  is  operating  within  parameters  and  at  maximum
efficiencies

Maintaining equipment logs, records, operational data and history
Ordering equipment and supplies as need for the maintenance of the school building.

Engineer Trainee
School District Of Philadelphia  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1993 to 1995

Supervisor/ Assistant to building engineer/ Boiler Operation Training
Hvac Training, Air handling unit cleaning, Replace lights and Ballast
Keep records and logs information . Fire alarm system etc.

Responsible for all facilities activities and personnel

Life Safety Procedures
Supervise cleaning staff scheduling, Payroll
Knowledge of the Avantis work order system
Computer skill,

General Cleaner
Furniture Stairway - 1988 to 1993

Cleaning classroom, Restrooms, Lunchrooms, Outside Grounds
Furniture Stairway, Windows, Empty Trash Cans Mop, Wax floors
Vacuum Floors, Scrub Floors. Used of machinery and equipment.

EDUCATION

Class A license in Boiler Operator And HVAC
JFK Technical School - Philadelphia, PA
January 1993 to January 1995

Dipolma
Ben Franklin High School - Philadelphia, PA
January 1981 to January 1984

