Jamal Cummings

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jamal-Cummings/9d4197f9081b7485

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Independent Visitors Center   -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
General housekeeping,sweeping,mopping,buffing floors.

Garden Services
Philadelphia Zoo  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2015 to November 2015

Responsibilities-Duties was general housekeeping such as pulling trash, sweeping, mopping/buffing floors,
pulling trash and recycling.Other duties was garden landscaping such as planting flowers, mulching garden
beds, pulling weeds.Also provided great organization and customer service skills.
Followed company procedures to maintain work environment in a neat and orderly condition.
Kept janitorial closets clean and organized.
Collected, sorted and transported recyclable materials.
Scrubbed, top-coated, buffed and varnished hard floors.
Polished glass surfaces and windows.
Vacuumed rugs and carpeted areas in offices, lobbies and corridors.
Cleaned and buffed tile floors using industrial cleaning equipment.
Polished all metal hardware fixtures.
Operated power equipment tools such as backpack vacuums for up to 8 hours per shift.
Used chemicals and other cleaning equipment in a proper, safe and responsible manner.
Moved chairs, desks and beds around rooms to clean behind and underneath them.

Frozen Clerk
Shoprite  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2014 to December 2014

Responsibilities-To fully restock food goods, and provide customer service. Checked in and stocked inventory
throughout the facility.
Cleaned grocery shelves, storage area and work areas and kept floors free of spills, water and hazardous
debris.
Prepared and maintained inventory records.
Maintain clean, neat and properly stocked check stand area.
Maintained stockroom and warehouse.
Kept cases and shelves clean and well stocked.
Spot cleaned walls, carpets and light fixtures.
Accomplishments-Shoprite Achievement Award for providing great customer service.
Skills Used-Communication and people skills, hard work ethic.

Utility Worker
Aramark Citizens Bank Park  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2013 to October 2013

Responsibilities-Clean kitchens, dishes, and also take out trash.
Directed many warehouse shipping associates.
Loaded and unloaded pieces into boxes for shipment.
Moved freight, stock and other materials to and from storage and production areas and loading docks.

Received, stored and shipped goods and materials.
Sorted cargo before loading and unloading.
Stacked and transported all overstock to storage areas.
Reported all equipment failures and malfunctions to supervisor.
Cleaned and maintained the warehouse in compliance with OSHA safety standards.
Stocked, staged and transported goods.
Stacked and piled lumber, boards and pallets.
Picked up incoming stock and delivered materials to designated locations.
Unloaded cargo from truck with hand trucks and pallet jacks.
Divided cargo received by account number and intended location.
Stacked and stored pallets at the end of the shift to keep warehouse clean and organized.
Skills Used-Leadership, Housekeeping, Organization, Teamwork.

Receiving Clerk
Macys  -  Willow Grove, PA - January 2011 to October 2012

Responsibilities-Unload  shipments  delivered  to  the  store.  better  work  ethic,  people  skills,  Dock/Support,
Receiving, Recovery.
Skills Used-Leadership, Teamwork, warehouse and distribution.

EDUCATION

HS Diploma in Carpentry
Swenson Arts & Technology High School - Philadelphia, PA
2007 to 2011

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Basic computer skills
• Computer proficient
• Customer relationship building
• Strong team player
• Good multitasker
• Good judgment
• Detail-oriented
• Service-oriented
• Building maintenance
• Floor scrubber machines
• Results-oriented
• Residential cleaning
• Shipping and receiving background
• Customer-focused
• Electric pallet jack operation
• Working in coolers and freezers
• Attention to detail

