Kevin Williams

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kevin-Williams/0853d243b628137f

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
University of Pennsylvania  -  Philadelphia, PA - December 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
Clean  public  areas  strip  and  wax  floors  also  shampoo  carpets.  Break  down  class  rooms  assist  with  the
cleaning.Clean offices and locker rooms.

House Attendant
Rittenhouse Condominium Residences and Hotel  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2012 to December
2014

Responsibilities
Provide  items  for  housekeepers,  assists  first  with  supplies  clean  hotel  such  as  restroom,offices,locker
rooms.Shampoo carpets and buff floors.Also worked as a laundry attentand. I washed and dry all linen and
towels sort them out also ironed them.

Housekeeping/Houseman
Four Points By Sheraton  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2011 to November 2012

Provide clean and safe environment take out trash,cleaned all rest rooms, lobby, hallways, shampoo carpets,
buff  floors,  stock  closets  for  housekeepers  also  help  make  beds  if  needed  also  assist  guess  with  items  if
requested.

Banquet Houseman
Union League of Philadelphia  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2008 to August 2011

Banquet Houseman 
Perform and complete set-ups and breakdowns for events (weddings, conferences, meetings and parties),
safely transport equipment while assisting in providing excellent customer service to guests.

Building Service Worker
Wachovia Center  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2006 to July 2008

Provide  a  clean  and  safe  environment  to  assigned  areas:  locker  rooms,  offices  and  rest  rooms,  also
shampooing  carpets  and  floor  care.  Knowledge  of  operations  and  activities  of  building  maintenance  and
equipment used in general maintenance.

Housekeeping
Belmont Family Charter School  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2005 to January 2006

Maintaining the school take out trash cleaning rest rooms, shampooing carpets, buff floors.

EDUCATION

Plumbing
Thaddeus Stevens School of Technology and Junior College - Lancaster, PA
September 1996 to June 1997

Diploma in General Studies
Mercy Catholic Vocational High School - Philadelphia, PA
1992 to 1996

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Qualifications:

A well organized, detail oriented and skilled professional with experience in providing security, housekeeping
and maintenance services for small and large organizations while ensuring adherence to quality expectations
and standards.

Area of Expertise/Skills:
• Ability to detect problems and report information • Strong ability to maintain and follow organizational safety
procedures
• Excellent customer service skills • Ability to work well in a team environment or along when required
• Building maintenance • Light carpentry, plumbing and electrical installation

