Maurice Morris

Determined,detail oriented, motivated team player

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Maurice-Morris/b44e39cb900507b2

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Janitorial
Kellermeyer Bergenson Services  -  King of Prussia, PA - April 2016 to Present

Responsible, motivated, detail-oriented people needed to work in a team environment performing janitorial/
housekeeping  services  for  a  retail  department  store.  Duties  include  basic  cleaning,  dusting,  mopping,
sweeping, vacuuming.

Property Management maintenance Tech 1
People's Emergency Center  -  Philadelphia, PA - December 2015 to February 2016

Responsibilities
Ensure that insides of buildings are cleaned and kept free of the debris in/outside of facilities. 
Respond to emergency situations in a prompt manner.
Floor repairs, minor plumbing concers, painting. 

Accomplishments
My dedication and go forward work effort made me popular on the staff and residents..

Skills Used
Grounds keeping 
Cleaning and House keeping 
Time management 
Customer service 
Appliance repair 
Painting

Unemployment compensation Pa
UEC  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2015 to December 2015

Responsibilities
Job Search 

Accomplishments
New job

Skills Used
Persistence

Supervisor-Site Manager
Tucs Cleaning Services  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2010 to May 2015

Skills Used

Communicate to Director of Operations daily about projects. Delegate to Employees of cleaning task. Weekly
payroll.  Summer  projects.  Train  Employees  on  Chemical  use  and  Machine  operation  and  Maintenance.
Responsible for maintaining assigned areas of school facilities in a clean, sanitary, and orderly condition and
performing duties according to the MCS (Mastery Charter School) Custodial Care Program and as instructed
by the designated supervisory staff.

Route Driver
Donnelly Distribution Services  -  Pennsauken, NJ - May 2009 to November 2010

Drove  truck  over  a  prescribed  route  to  deliver  coupon  circulars  to  residential  and  Suburban  areas  in
Philadelphia  and  New  Jersey.  Kept  records  of  driving  expenses  such  as  mileage  and  gas.  Loaded  and
unloaded truck at beginning and end of trip.

Customer Account Manager
Rent A Center  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2007 to May 2009

Talked to customers to determine furniture preferences and requirements. Accompanied customers through
showroom  floor,  answered  questions  and  advised  customers  on  compatibility  of  various  styles  and  colors
of furniture items. Computed rental fee, explained rental terms and presented list to customer for approval.
Prepared  order  form  and  lease  agreement,  explained  terms  of  lease  to  customer  and  obtained  customer
signature. Obtained credit info from customers. Collected initial payments from customers and followed up
transactions  by  contacting  customers  through  phone  or  mail.  Resolved  Complaints  regarding  delivery  of
damaged or incorrect merchandise.

Assistant Manager
Burger King  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2001 to January 2007

Managed  franchised  food  establishment.  Coordinated  activities  of  workers  engaged  in  keeping  business
records,  collecting  and  paying  accounts,  ordering  and  purchasing  supplies  and  delivery  of  foodstuffs  to
customers.  Trained,  interviewed  and  hired  new  employees  achieving  significant  improvements  in  their
productivity.  Supervised  up  to  10  employees,  scheduled  work  hours,  resolved  conflicts,  and  determined
salaries.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma in Business Management
Edward Bok Vocational  - Philadelphia, PA
January 1989 to January 1993

SKILLS

Flexible team player who thrives in environments requiring ability to effectively prioritize and juggle multiple
concurrent projects. Proven relationship-builder with unsurpassed interpersonal skills. Goal-driven leader
who maintains a productive climate and confidently motivates, mobilizes, and coaches employees to meet
high performance standards. Innovative problem-solver who can generate workable solutions and resolve
complaints.

