Myesha Robinson

housekeeping

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Myesha-Robinson/54a7a068ae667d42

WORK EXPERIENCE

housekeeping
Spinghill Suites  -  Langhorne, PA - October 2014 to February 2015

Carry linens, towels, toilet items, and cleaning supplies, using wheeled carts.
Clean rooms, hallways, lobbies, lounges, restrooms, corridors, elevators, stairways, locker
rooms, and other work areas so that health standards are met.
Plan menus and cook and serve meals and refreshments following employer's instructions or own methods.
Replace light bulbs.
Hang draperies and dust window blinds.
Move and arrange furniture and turn mattresses.
Sort, count, and mark clean linens and store them in linen closets.

housekeeping
Best Personal  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2014 to September 2014

Carry linens, towels, toilet items, and cleaning supplies, using wheeled carts.
Clean rooms, hallways, lobbies, lounges, restrooms, corridors, elevators, stairways, locker
rooms, and other work areas so that health standards are met.
Empty wastebaskets, empty and clean ashtrays, and transport other trash and waste to disposal areas.
Clean rugs, carpets, upholstered furniture, and draperies, using vacuum cleaners and shampooers.
Dust and polish furniture and equipment.
Sweep, scrub, wax, or polish floors, using brooms, mops, or powered scrubbing and waxing
machines.

ManPower  -  Bristol, PA - December 2013 to May 2014

Receive and count stock items, and record data manually or using computer.
Pack and unpack items to be stocked on shelves in stockrooms, warehouses, or storage yards.
Prepare products, supplies, equipment, or other items for use by adjusting, repairing or assembling them as
necessary.
Dispose of damaged or defective items, or return them to vendors.
Provide assistance or direction to other stockroom, warehouse, or storage yard workers.
Keep records on the use and/or damage of stock or stock handling equipment.
Examine and inspect stock items for wear or defects, reporting any damage to supervisors.

EDUCATION

GED
Martin Luther King High School - Philadelphia, PA
June 2012

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills

Active Listening Service Orientation
Production and Processing Customer and Personal Service
Public Safety and Security English Language

