Adam Wood

Consulting Technical Project Manager

Yardley, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Adam-Wood/4ffc2ed1dfc6944d

Summary & International Project List

For the past ten (10) years, I have successfully implemented (and sold) my own vending business, as well as
consulted for the NSA, FBI, and DHS, a subsidiary of Sikorsky Helicopters, and international medical device
& extraction/construction companies. In these roles, I have conducted/overseen RCA’s, Factory Acceptance
Testing (FAT), rectified pre-existing issues prior to presentation/construction, provided on-site inspections of
the relevant components and noted said limitations, as well as conducted extensive research, notifying the
concerned parties and provided well-documented solutions, so as not to hinder production, which, in-turn,
reduced downtime for the financial cost-benefit analysis provided to international banks and investors. 

My experience(s) in perimeter security, civil, structural, chemical, and electromechanical engineering are vast.
I have traveled abroad, most of the time on short notice, to advise high-profile, government clients and multiple
MNCs. In 2013, I successfully managed seventy-five (75) contractors in an East Indian jungle, completing a
full-scale $100M USD project, while maintaining/improving superb international relations. I've also completed
an  array  of  multi-faceted  construction  projects  (schools,  hospitals,  and  minerals  plants)  around  the  world,
trained physician’s in robotics and simulation, and secured/managed major contracts (pre and post) upwards
of $300M USD.

As for my international exposure and experience(s), I have been afforded with a wealth of experiences, while
cultivating lasting relationships enriched with valuable notations. I have traveled to, and conducted business
in, the following countries:  
 
Canada (Project Management - Construction)  
India (8x - aggregate of over 1 year stationing *High-profile* $100M USD - Hospital)  
Egypt (Project Management Gold exploration and refinement *Success)  
Switzerland (Confidential)  
England (2x - Confidential)  
France (Import/Export PM)  
Spain (Import/Export Advisor)  
Germany (Meetings regarding strategic integration - University Construction)  
Khazkhstan (Consulting w/French offices re: new construction)  
China (Surveillance/Site inspections/PR)  
Dubai (Public Relations for Security)  
Sweden (Project Management & Strategic Integration)  
 
In closing, I consider myself fortunate to have visited the aforementioned locations, for I have identified ample
opportunities in several markets. For this, I am grateful. Please do not hesitate to contact me should you feel
my experience be anticipated as valuable to your clients.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Technical Project Manager (Consultant)

DOD CONTRACT, IBM, IGI, Verizon   -  New York, NY - April 2015 to Present

Private Financial and Engineering Consultant 4/15 - Present
Advised in the integration of perimeter infrastructure security in confidential locations, establishing new product
development and design control processing.
PML, situational awareness, managed billables versus non-payroll expectancies, inventory 
management/control, purchasing for replenishment. 
Personally manage over $8M USD via active engagement in various financial sectors (commodities, equities,
tech, and biotech) to aid in the growth of private client portfolios
Clients include: DoD, IBM, Information Governance Initiative, and Verizon

Engineering Project Manager
Metso Minerals  -  York, PA - May 2012 to April 2015

* Successfully ensured that domestic and international projects were completed on time, within the designated
budgets by the CCB by enacting risk mitigation strategies.
* Conducted/Supervised international trade compliance projects (EU to South America and China/US to India).
* PMO management in key performance metrics and integration of quantitative and qualitative trend analysis
to draw accurate conclusions for milestones and baselines.
* Prepared and delivered clear, concise, timely, and interpersonal communication via detailed reports and
enterprise presentations.
* Actively listened to others and promoted the open exchange of ideas, opinions, and team
meetings via change management.
*  Successfully  managed/commissioned  projects  upwards  of  $100M  USD  by  providing  unparalleled
interpersonal communication and financial management.
* Cost analysis and project life-cycle analysis presented to government agencies, contractors, and otherwise
integrated partners/stakeholders in acquisition.
* Managed/advised contractors, third-party consultants, government agencies, and co-workers on a daily basis
while advising on the implementation of their software and design control (ABB, Honeywell, Siemens).
* Work remotely w/limited supervision (Domestic & International Travel 75%)

Field Engineering Consultant
METI/CAE Healthcare  -  Sarasota, FL - December 2010 to March 2012

* Trained physicians (MD's and DO's), RN's, biomedical engineers, and other medical professionals during a
two-day education course (simulation and robotics)
*  Determined  and  recommended  which  product  &  services  best  fit  the  customer's  needs  -  Provided
consultations on complex projects
* Installed, troubleshot, and maintained all METI/CAE Healthcare products & equipment
*  Responsible  for  the  advanced  installation,  operation,  and  maintenance  of  medical  device(s)  i.e.  Human
patient simulators, defibrillators, waveform displays, central servers, robotics)
* Linux software support, DNS, data center management, Unix
* Provided software updates, IP sets/re-sets, ensuring proper LAN/WAN settings were provided per Metivision
& Learning Space system requirements, ensured proper set-up/integration of MAC/PC TCP/IP using DHCP
settings, Subnet masks, & Terminal functions for program re-sets if needed, ensured proper functionality as
is applicable to CISCO routers (acting as a bridge) between central server, hardware, software, and multi-
functioning electro-mechanical systems

Avionics Eng. Level III
Keystone Helicopter  -  Coatesville, PA - November 2007 to July 2010

* Provided pre-design support on cockpit avionic electrical systems.

* Wire modification and design, installations (when necessary), wiring diagram development, QA on incoming
harnesses & administrative duties.
* Project Engineering/Management for high-profile clients (Donald Trump).

Project Manager
NSA - February 2006 to November 2007

Gov. Contract)
* Produced design reports, circuitry, wire lists, and final manufacturing specifications to support projects and
control rooms for nuclear power plants, aviation control centers, and NYC Transit System
* Contributed and managed multiple projects utilizing TCXO, HI-REL, VCXO, EMXO, OCXO, DIP XO's (Boeing
Filters and oscillators - board-level circuitry
* Reported to the Vice President of Operations on all agendas

EDUCATION

MS in International Business
Harvard University Faculty of Arts and Sciences
2014 to Present

BA in Communications
The Pennsylvania State University
2009 to 2012

AS in Electrical Engineering Technology
US Naval Academy

SKILLS

Interpersonal Skills (10+ years), Management Experience (10+ years), Engineering (10+ years), Negotiation
(10+ years), Financial Analysis (10+ years), Forecasting (8 years), Military (10+ years), Mergers &
Acquisitions (10+ years), International Business (8 years)

CERTIFICATIONS

Project Management Professional

Engineering Consultant

