Al DiTullio

Sr. Software Systems Engineer

Langhorne, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Al-DiTullio/fdb3bb3259b6cd59

• Extensive experience in the design, development and implementation of systems utilizing IBM Information
Server,  Linux,  PowerPak-Segger  RTOS,  iOS,  IBM  AIX,  MS-Windows,  C,  C++,  scripts.  Experience
encompasses all aspects of product life cycle from customer requirements through development, production,
operations and support.

• Excellent communication skills (written and verbal). Interacted with a diverse group of customers, developers,
testers, administrators, and project teams.

• Data Governance and Policy compliance IBM Information Server deployment including applications.

• AEGIS Defense System development encompassing US Navy and Foreign Military Systems.

• Installed, upgraded, and maintained multiple Linux/iOS/AIX/Windows systems and subsystems.

• Provided day to day performance monitoring and error detection; performed system tuning as necessary.

• Maintained appropriate security facilities and performed ongoing monitoring of access activity.

• Performed system bench marking for server sizing and developed/documented new configurations.

• Remedy Hotline support, on-call application and OS monitoring and problem resolution.

• Provided remote, multi-data center, development and test lab monitoring and support.

• Developed, tested and implemented automation routines and scripts where necessary.

• Performed research and development on new and emerging technologies.

• Experience supporting commercial and proprietary Applications.

• DoD Secret Clearance 2014.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. Software Systems Engineer
The Vanguard Group  -  Malvern, PA - October 2013 to Present

Judge Group Inc., Consultant)

As  a  member  of  the  Information  Technology  Security  Office  (ITSO)  I  am  responsible  for  the  automated
data governance COTS products proof of concept evaluation and deployment. The products evaluated were
Collibra, Adaptive, Informatica, Talend, Oracle, IBM Information Server including the full application suite. From
within a close team environment my specific tasks include; gathering requirements from the business units,

selecting  vendors,  issuing  requests  for  formal  information,  designing/implementing  evaluation  systems  for
demo products, and, preparing recommendations. Deployed IBM Information Server including the applications
suite for development, client acceptance testing and production. The effort also included integrating CompactBI
Metadex.

Sr. Software Systems Engineer
Philips Respironics  -  Langhorne, PA - January 2013 to October 2013

Responsible  for  the  software  and  system  design  of  intelligent  fixed  CPAP,  auto-CPAP  home  healthcare
devices. This effort encompasses all aspects of real-time embedded software development including drafting
the functional requirement, final client testing and FDA verification. The proprietary system's M2M technology
includes;  STMicrocontrollers  (STM32F10x  ARM  Cortex-M3),  Flash  Memory  Drivers  (I2C,  Serial,  SPI)  and
intelligent CDMA Cellular Network Modem drivers. All device application and driver code is written in C/C++
and runs on the PowerPak-Segger RTOS.

Sr. Systems Engineer, Consultant
Adidas Wearable Sports Electronics  -  Chadds Ford, PA - August 2012 to November 2012

Responsible  for  Linux,  iOS  (iPad)  test  integration  and  administration.  Conducted  field  integration,  lab  and
operations performance analysis. Recommended and implemented Engineering solutions. Analyzed test data
utilizing PostgreSQL procedures and MS-Office.

Consultant
Aerotek Inc - October 2008 to January 2012

October 2008 - January 2012

Supported multiple local and remote high performance real-time Red-Hawk Linux based Aegis development
test  centers.  Installed/patched  Linux  and  applications  as  required.  Supported  user  and  group  accounts
including SAN file systems. Designed and developed high performance C++ SMP Linux application analysis
tools. Identified, analyzed, and resolved on-site technical issues pertaining to Linux/MS-Windows operating
systems,  TCP/IP(UDP)  networks  and  middleware  communication  layer  components.  Participated  as  an
integral  part  of  the  Aegis  design  team,  coordinated  engineers  and  support  staff  in  BMD  projects  efforts.
Performed research and highly complex system testing related to performance enhancements. Recommended
corrections to intricate technical applications and conducted analyses to enhance application performance.
Provided leadership, professional guidance and technical training to less experienced personnel. Provided
technical consultation to other organizations; interacted with senior customer personnel and internal senior
management. Conducted cost analysis and evaluation of vendor capabilities to provide required products or
services. Recommended vendor(s) and presented to senior management and/or customer where appropriate.
Identified, recommended and pursued technology and/or practices to apply to solutions.

Sr. Software Engineer, ( Aerotek Inc., Consultant )
November 2007- October 2008

Responsible for vendor discovery, component selection, qualification and environmental screening of solid
state NFS network storage for SMP Intel and DSP based Linux systems for Aegis BMD. Assessed MTBF and
mechanical interface compliance. Utilizing scripts/C/C++ designed and implemented embedded test code to
evaluate vendor components. Analyzed and determined root causes of failures. Documented deficiencies and
followed up with vendors and Lockheed Engineering groups.

Sr. Principal Engineer Lead, ( CSC
Lockheed Martin  -  Moorestown, NJ - April 2006 to January 2012

Moorestown, NJ

Sr. Principal Engineer Lead, ( CSC/MSE Inc., Consultant )

Consultant
CSC Inc - April 2006 to November 2007

Developed  Aegis  BMD  weapon  system  endurance  tests  utilizing  C/C++/Scripts  for  performance  and
throughput studies of large SMP Linux systems. These tests specifically targeted resource utilization of IBM
Blade Centers running Element applications on Concurrent (Red Hawk) Real-Time Linux including throughput
measurements of the NDDS middleware.

Sr. Systems Engineer
AmpWorx Inc  -  Trevose, PA - August 2003 to April 2006

Selected and implemented Linux components as replacements for Microsoft operating systems and products
enterprise wide. The Linux components included Red Hat Linux and a combination of Open Source applications
on the KDE desktop. Duties included, creating Statement of Work, deployment specification, backup/disaster
recovery,  operations  support  of  roll  out,  network  setup,  user  accounts,  NFS/SAMBA  file  systems/printers,
operating system and office kit installation/tuning, automation scripts.
Computer Sciences Corp., Moorestown, NJ
Sr. Software Engineer, ( Aerotek Inc., Consultant )
June 2000-August 2003

Participated in a project for the Navy, developing SGML high-volume secure publishing systems utilizing CSC's
proprietary JCALS security-hardened Client/Server SQL (Stored Procedures, Triggers), C/UNIX/Scripting, MS-
Visual  C++  MFC  infrastructure,  Oracle  and  the  XYVision  publishing  engine.  Within  the  framework  of  SEI
process  definitions,  interpreted  the  Statement  of  Work,  extracted  the  functional  requirements,  gained  joint
approval of functional and development specifications and managed all aspects of the client roll out.

Sr. Systems Engineer
Boeing Defense and Space  -  Ridley Park, PA - October 1996 to June 2000

Was  responsible  for  the  administration  and  security  of  Catia  CAD/CAM  and  Engineering  Analyses  AIX
Workstations located in Ridley Park, PA and Pax River, MD. Support included installation of Boeing Proprietary
Apps, COTS Packages, Oracle instances, AIX, writing korn/Perl automation scripts, NFS mounted file systems
and  IBM  Enterprise  AIX  workstation  configuration  management  tools.  Other  duties  included  AIX  Upgrade
Rollouts,  Remedy  Hotline  support,  and  daily  problem  resolution,  all  requiring  a  high  level  of  customer
communication.

Sr. Systems Engineer
Sun Oil Refining & Marketing  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 1992 to October 1996

Designed and supported LAN/WAN systems that included; MS-Windows, NT, MS-DOS and OS/2 clients with
UNIX, OS/2, Pathworks and NT servers. The required support included LAN/WAN file storage systems, asset
monitoring, backup/recovery, user account creation, maintenance and security. Designed and implemented an
MS-Visual C/C++ MFC Desktop Application Delivery and Refinery Resource Management System. Required
daily duties included; problem solving, system monitoring, performance tuning, help desk, customer support
and training.

Sr. Software/Hardware Engineer
E3 Inc  -  Ivyland, PA - July 1989 to January 1992

Hands-on responsibility for the entire HW/SW development cycle of Automated Semi-Conductor Assembly
Inspection  and  Die  Attach  Systems.  The  product  lines  applied  C  UNIX  based  Vision  Systems  and  a
custom designed array processor for semiconductor wire geometry inspection. Algorithms were written in C/
Assembler/scripts on embedded M68xxx and I8088 custom robotic RTOS control systems networked with
the Imaging system for parallel real-time control of the robotic workholders, and, developed and debugged
utilizing in-circuit emulators. The projects included RS-232 communications (SECS), GUI operator interfaces
and disk controllers.

Programmer Analyst
ADP Inc  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - June 1987 to July 1989

Designed and Implemented a Software Subsystem for Brokerage Information Terminal Systems. This product
involved C MS-DOS and IBM PS/2's networked with a proprietary Terminal Interface Controller which was
designed  to  interface  GTE,  ADP  and  IBM  dumb  terminals  to  an  SNA  based  WAN/LAN.  This  real-time
embedded project utilized I80186 host processors and was developed and debugged using in-circuit emulation.

EDUCATION

BS in Applied Technology, Computer Science
Thomas Edison State University - Trenton, NJ
1997

ASEET in Electrical Engineering Technology
Lincoln Technical Institute
1987

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating Systems/Networking
Linux, PowerPak-Segger RTOS, iOS, Wireless Networks, printers, Network Storage, UNIX AIX, RedHawk
Concurrent Real-Time Linux, MS-Windows NT (Client/Server), MS-DOS, OS/2, Networking (VLAN, SNMP),
TCP/IP, SNA Token Ring, Decnet

Languages/Tools
IBM  Information  Server,  Metadex,  UNIX/Linux  Shell  Scripts,  C,  C++,  MS-Powershell,  IAR  Embedded
Workbench, ST-Link JTAG, MS-Visual C/C++ MFC (Client/Server), SQL, Perl, Assembler, Unix performance
tools, collectd, oprofile, jstat, SVN, Clear Case, PVCS, SEI CMMI Level 5.

Hardware
STM32F10x ARM Cortex-M3, I2C, Serial, SPI, Flash, M2M CDMA Cellular Modems, IBM Blade Center, SAN
Storage (Raid), Apple iPads, IBM RS6000, DEC, VME, Motorola, Zilog

