Alfred Fazio

Airframe Design Engineer (Contract) - The Boeing Company

Glen Mills, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Alfred-Fazio/005a9727dede9338

• Solid written and interpersonal communication skills.
•  Skilled  member  of  diverse  and  cross-functional  teams  in  performing  aircraft  integration  and  executing
engineering projects.
• Complex technical problem solver.
•  Adept  in  machined  and  composite  design  including  layout  and  design  of  components,  assemblies  and
installation
• Proficient in the use of PC's plus experienced in CATIA V4 (3,000+ hrs) and CATIA V5 (10,000 hrs).
• Possess a strong commitment to continuous quality and process improvement.
•  Member  of  small  team  responsible  for  integrating  parametric  CATIA  V5  design  processes  for  the  PHL
Rotorcraft site.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Airframe Design Engineer (Contract)
The Boeing Company, H-47 Design  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2012 to Present

• Identified as lead engineer for critical Interface Control Models, and structures work packages. This involves
gathering requirements, creating statements of work, schedules, design concepts, and winning concurrence at
Gated Design Reviews. It requires close coordination with the customer and partner, and presenting findings
during Technical Interchange Meetings with US government. This also involves achieving cost and schedule
targets, while actively managing scope growth.
•  Design  of  airframe  details,  assys,  &  Installs  in  support  of  G  newbuild,  BLOCKII  and  various  H-47
configurations, as well as assisting the less experienced engineers w the tools & process suit and design best
practices.
• Identified by management as a SME on Teamcenter, CATIA, Teamcenter Integration, and relational design
best practices.
• Specifically requested by program executives to work on the engine fairing skin redesign effort, and other
critical items such as fuel pod bridge contract work, which included flat pattern development, and core cutting
templates for GKN.

Airframe Design Engineer (Contract)
The Boeing Company, EMARSS Design  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2011 to May 2012

• Design of airframe structure in support of a special programs aircraft modification.
• Activities included conceptual layout, trade studies, interface solutions for mounting of exterior equipment,
and the design and release of detail parts, assemblies and installations as well as mentoring less experienced
engineers.
• Incorporation of rejection report tags required for FAA conformity
• Worked all details, subassemblies, and installation for the EMARSS Aft TCDL payload. The existing King Air
tailcone was incorporated in the new design, which eliminated the need for a new composite tail cone. This
was a substantial cost savings.

Airframe Design Engineer (Contract)

The Boeing Company, CATIA V5 / Teamcenter / TCIC Test, Evaluate and Deployment Team  -
Philadelphia, PA - March 2008 to May 2011

Specific Contributions to the team that has drastically changed the way Boeing Philly does business.
•  Participated  in  Teamcenter  /  Catia  integration  testing  in  support  of  initial  deployment  (and  subsequent
Blockpoints).  Worked  closely  with  IT,  CADCAM,  US  Government  &  Siemens  to  identify  shortcomings,
deployment risks and expected functionality.
• Participated in downstream application testing, such as how catia files can be formatted to optimize JT, adobe
pdf, Tech Data Package & STEP creation. (Worked closely with IT, CADCAM, VISUALIZATION & Supplier
Management). Gathered reqts from SUPPLIER MANAGEMENT and US Government on expected engineering
content, and flowed into upfront engineering documentation.
• Site focal for LTD (Learning, Training & Development) in developing the CATIA V5 Relational Design Course
(TR014696). This entailed documenting the non-enovia relational design approach for LTD course developers,
reviewing their work and providing feedback. This course is now used throughout the Boeing Company.
• Focal from the V5 deployment team for the H-47 aft section data conversion (UG •V5) effort. This included:
- Developing the Statements of Work, generating RFPs and RFQs, and participating in supplier down select.
Actively supported winning Supplier for a high quality end product. This project allowed the site to transition
out of UG. Cost savings for the H47 program, and the entire site are unquantifiable. A single CAD solution has
positively impacted each H47 group and role, from initial design to fly away product and fleet support.
• Provided on site support in Boeing UK (Yeovil) design office to assist with loading / testing / validating the
CV5 / TCENg image. Assisted Boeing UK employees w the TCENG / catia familiarization. 1 month assignment.

Airframe Design Engineer (Contract Employee)
Middle River Aircraft  -  Baltimore, MD - June 2007 to March 2008

• Lead engineer for metallic details for transcowl installation of the 747-8 thrust reverser.
• Responsible for design and release of transcowl structure, management of schedule and maintenance of
Bill of Materials.
• Developed and coordinated designs for the transcowl and interfaces, and prepared and checked design work
prior to release.
• Performed Trade Studies to remove obsolete requirements and consolidate structural details.

Airframe Structural Analyst
The Boeing Company  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2005 to June 2007

• Performed structural analysis to support both engineering releases, and engineering corrective action for the
CH-47 F cargo helicopter.
• Responsible for developing Finite Element Models of Airframe Structure, to enhance initial sizing, conceptual
lay-outs, and detailed stress analysis. This involved meshing parts in Catia V5, and importing the Mesh into
Patran.
• Assist lead engineer in developing / documenting airframe stress report for the program customer.

Airframe Design Engineer
The Boeing Company  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2001 to November 2005

• Design and installation of CH-47 F airframe components and assemblies. Airframe components included
machinings, castings, extrusions, and composite structure. This program was a full Model Based Environment;
the  catia  dataset  was  the  full  definition;  drawings  were  not  developed.  Since  this  was  a  Model  Based
Environment, advanced tools and processes were used such as: Parametrics, IGES, Functional Dimensioning
and Tolerancing (FD&T), TeamCenter product control, extensive design concept proposals to suppliers thru
PowerPoint and webex conferencing.
• This job also required the extensive use of conceptual layouts, and trade studies.

• Assisted lead engineer in developing Statements of Work to redesign / consolidate details of the CH-47 F
Chinook. This involved quantifying the scope of work, determining the complexity of detail parts / assemblies,
and estimating the number of hours required for completion. This SOW was presented to Chinook management
with an initial budget request.
• Group lead in developing corrective action plan with machined part supplier. This included developing a
schedule, developing & delivering the change board presentation, development of production memos (both
suspend and resume) and actual engineering dataset revision. This also involved working with the machined
part supplier to determine issues and concerns, and developing an optimal engineering revision.

Airframe Design Engineer
The Boeing Company  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2000 to June 2001

• Worked in LEAN Airframe design and integration group, assisted team in developing and deploying innovative
tools and processes to support rotorcraft programs in Philadelphia. These tools included PDM (Product Data
Manager),  and  COVERS  (Boeing  composite  management  software),  while  the  processes  included  MBD
(Model Based Definition) and supplier integration.
• Authored the Boeing Philadelphia Teamcenter (TCEng) V8 training manual, as well as delivered TCEng
training to over 90 V-22 users.

EDUCATION

Master of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering
Widener University - Chester, PA
August 2004

Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
Widener University - Chester, PA
May 2000

SKILLS

Software/Skills: CATIA V4, V5, VISMockUp, Teamcenter, TCIC, Windows XP, Excel, PowerPoint, Adobe,
MS Word, MS Excel, MS Outlook.

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: USCG & USCGR
Rank: MK1 / E6
June 1997 to August 2008
Machinery Technician First Class - United States Coast Guard Reserve,
Philadelphia, PA; Cape Fear, NC 6/97-8/2008 
•  Graduate  of  USCG  Engineering  school,  qualified  as  Boat  Crewmember,  Boat  Engineer,  Boarding  Team
Member, and Engineer Of the Watch
• Conducted port security, search and rescue, and maritime law enforcement missions, in addition to duties
as a machinery technician.
• As boat engineer, responsibilities included the safe & reliable operation of boat systems (hydraulic, propulsion,
dewatering and electrical) in all weather and sea conditions.
•  Served  as  reserve  EOW  (Engineer  Of  the  Watch),  responsible  for  the  engineering  department,  and
engineering systems on Coast Guard assets during duty period.

Commendations:
Awards include USCG Reserve Good Conduct Medal, Transportation 9-11 medal, Commandant’s Letter of
Commendation and Team Commendation ribbon.

