Bruce Denmark

Principal Field Applications Engineer - Maxim Integrated Products

Moorestown, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Bruce-Denmark/33fbe031caa9488d

A senior electrical engineering position with emphasis in analog design. Looking for a fun, but challenging
environment
with co-workers who enjoy working with others and being part of a team.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Principal Field Applications Engineer
Maxim Integrated Products - August 1994 to Present

n•  Principal  Field  Applications  Engineer  working  with  major  accounts  from  New  York  to  North  Carolina.
Responsible for all Maxim Integrated product lines with emphasis on analog design. Specialties include DC-
DC power supplies,
hot swaps, ADCs, DACS, high precision references, op amps and comparators, interface etc.

n• Responsible for all aspects of customer sales and support, including

o Requirement gathering

o Circuit design - design tools, schematic capture, simulations

o Layout assistance and review

o Prototype debug - both at the customer site and in the local office

o Production support

n• Responsible for interfacing with the factory for sales, support and new products

Senior Design Engineer
SAIC - June 1987 to August 1994

n•  Responsible  for  the  complete  electrical  design  of  several  projects.  Projects  included,  gamma  radiation
detector,
explosive vapor detector, gamma radiation imager and pocket dosimeter reader.

n• Specialized in high sensitivity and low noise front-end analog design.

n• Responsible for coordinating mechanical and firmware engineers

Engineer
Datagraphix - September 1985 to May 1987

n• Electrical Engineer in the Advanced Research and Development group. Supported microfilm laser printer
development.

EDUCATION

BSEE in Electrical Engineering
Lehigh University
1985

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills
§• 30 Years of Electrical Engineering experience with strong emphasis in analog circuit design, sales and
support

§• Design Tool Experience

o Mathcad, SIMPLIS, Spice, Allegro, Sigrity along with standard Office software

§• Strong interpersonal and problem solving skills

