Christopher Mance

Senior Staff Procurement Engineer

Moorestown, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Christopher-Mance/cfedb799e8575028

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Staff Procurement Engineer
Lockheed Martin Corporation - June 2003 to August 2013

Lockheed Martin (LM) Mission Systems and Training (MST)

MST (LM US Naval Command, Control, Communication, Computing, Surveillance Intelligent Radar (C4SIR)
provider)  sourcing  leader  for  compliance  to  the  European  Union  REACH  (Registration,  Evaluation,
Authorization  and  Restriction  of  Chemical  substances)  requirement,  Counterfeit  Parts,  Small  Business
Innovation Research (SBIR), Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) program, Mentor Protégé, Conflict
Minerals and Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism (C-TPAT) activities.

Primary  responsibility  was  early  sourcing  involvement  with  engineering;  identify  sourcing  issues  at  design
reviews,  subcontract  and  commodity  supplier  management,  risk  assessments  and  management.  Small
business  and  university  research  technical  leader.  MST  sourcing  leader  for  negotiating  supplier  teaming
agreements and Proprietary Information Exchange Agreements and Independent Non-Advocate Reviews for
research and development projects.

Chaired  the  LM  Engineering  Process  Improvement  (EPI)  Commercial  Technology  Insertion  (CTI)  process
group  where  several  major  corporate  documents  were  developed  for  multi-million  dollars  year-over-year
saving:
• Parts Management Plan
• Obsolescence Management Plan
• Technology Refresh and Technology Road Mapping Methodologies

A $77 million total savings white paper that was developed by the CTI team to support a three year pilot program
to consolidate category management at nine sites was presented and accepted by LM Corporate executives

Program Manager for LANCER (Lockheed Martin Nanotechnology Center of Excellence at
Rice University,

This responsibility included the creation of a concept of operation plan, a Memorandum of
Agreement  (MOA),  a  financing  structure,  public  announcement  plans,  IRAD  projects  identification  plan
and  the  development  of  project  statement  of  works.  Managed  one  million  dollars  plus  in  annual  research
activities. Organized and monitored research projects, developed an annual LANCER conference with selected
universities.

Co-Chaired the Department of Defense Small Business Nanotechnology for Defense Conference

Lockheed Martin Corporation - 1991 to August 2013

Staff Procurement Engineer
Lockheed Martin Corporation - 1998 to 2007

Lockheed Martin (MAC-MAR)

Project leader for MAC-MAR's technology road mapping (the understanding of current and future technology
spend analysis, supply base requirement, and strategy for category management) initiative. Developed over
10 different road mapping projects; each project produced multi-million dollar cost savings in real dollars. Cost
savings includes money saved through contract negotiations and buying efficiencies. To aligned R&D efforts
with high-priority needs for LM and its suppliers, managed efforts with engineering to create a shared vision,
and a framework for cooperative technology development. This concurrent engineering effort simplifies and
reduces the number of components in designs. The connector technology supply base was reduced from 202
suppliers to 100 suppliers. Tools used were: RFI, RFP, risk analysis, internet research, value stream mapping,
and lean six-sigma assessments with suppliers and creative forms of contracting.

Lead member for the development of LM's Performance Based Agreements (PBA) a new way of contracting
with suppliers that looks at total cost of ownership. This new approach was applied to the two technology
categories and succeeded in maintaining a flat spend cost for five years when all other categories increased.

During this time I received several LM Corporate and DoD customer honors.

Manager of Technology Engineering
Lockheed Martin Corporation - July 2002 to June 2003

Lockheed Martin (MAC-MAR)

Managed  10  supplier  quality  engineers  to  develop  a  new  Supplier  Fix  or  Delete  Process,  and  a  new  risk
assessment process that created an efficient right size supply base to maintain on time delivery of high quality
electrical, electronic, electro-mechanical, information technology (IT) and mechanical products.

Staff Engineer
Lockheed Martin Corporation - 1994 to 1998

Lockheed Martin (Missiles & Space)

Planned and implemented engineering design activities and staffing projections for the design and testing of
military and commercial satellites. I was the lead engineering integration team leader for East Windsor, NJ plant
closure (the business transition to Newtown, PA and Sunnyvale, CA). In the Systems Integrity organization,
Responsible  for  the  integrated  engineering  /manufacturing  schedule  for  the  A2100  satellite  program  and
scheduling of EMI/EMC/ESD testing for all programs.

In  the  electrical  design  organization,  I  was  responsible  for  all  the  magnetic  piece  part  design  and  test
requirements.  I  was  the  task  leader  for  the  Air  Force  Ballistic  Missile  Defense  (BMD)  Fuze  assembly
Diminishing  Manufacturing  Sources  (DMS)  contract.  This  responsibility  required  me  to  perform  studies  to
define options to DMS for all parts in the Mk12A and Mk21 long range missile arming and fuzing assemblies.
Studies included parts re-qualification, alternate vendors, substitute parts and emerging technologies. It also
included identifying options and alternatives for design changes, procurement schedules and cost.

Senior Systems Engineer
Lockheed Martin Corporation - 1991 to 1994

General Electric (SSD/M&DS)
Managed  the  development  and  coordinated  the  survivability/environments  standards  and  systems
requirements for the Air Force BMD Program (Systems of Systems) community by utilizing the Requirements
Driven Development (RDD) design tool.

EDUCATION

MS in Engineering Management
Drexel University

BS in Electrical Engineering
Western Michigan University

SKILLS

Project Manager, Systems Engineer, Procurement Engineer,Staff Engineer

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/in/christophermance

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

An award winning senior manager with experience leading multi-functional teams and working knowledge in
sourcing, design, systems, parts and quality engineering. I'm able to deliver both tactical and strategic results
in sourcing, project management, and engineering.

• Technology and Process Road-Mapping
• Supplier Management
• Lean Six Sigma
• Team Building
• Presentation Skills
• Proficient in project management (MS Project), process mapping (MS Visio) and productivity (MS Office
Suite) software

