Edward Byrnes

Mult Func Engrg & Sci Asc Mgr

Audubon, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Edward-Byrnes/f443d2eec610bcb8

32 years of experience in technical projects for Lockheed Martin / Martin Marietta / General Electric. Significant
leadership experience including program and project management, functional management at both unit and
second  line  levels,  and  Integrated  Project  Team  leadership  across  multiple  contractors.  Experienced  at
recruiting  and  retaining  talent  for  hard-to-fill  openings  requiring  unique  specialized  skills.  Broad  technical
experience across multiple program phases including study, development, and operations. Experienced in
development and management of Agile programs. Strong history with proposal development. Highly proficient
in  program  finance  including  Earned  Value  Management,  budget  planning  and  oversight  with  a  particular
skill in creation and tracking of staffing and financial metrics using advanced Excel techniques, databases,
and ERP systems. Strong Systems Engineering, Integration, and Test background. Excellent communications
skills. Experience base includes contracts with multiple government agencies and a current DoD Top Secret
clearance with SCI access and a current SSBI. Bachelor's and Master's degrees in Electrical Engineering from
Villanova University.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Mult Func Engrg & Sci Asc Mgr
Lockheed Martin Integrated Systems and Global Solutions - Defense & Intelligence Solutions  -  King of
Prussia, PA - January 2014 to February 2016

King of Prussia, PA
Mult Func Engrg & Sci Asc Mgr
Leadership  and  functional  management  supporting  multiple  programs  across  the  country.  Responsible  for
employee recruitment, hiring and training, performance assessment, promotions, work assignments, career
development,  leadership  assessment,  salary,  and  recognition/disciplinary  actions.  As  a  leader,  provide
additional support to senior management in recruiting and staffing, including direct support to college staffing
events and ensuring timely status and closure of critical staffing needs.

Systems Engineering Manager
Lockheed Martin Integrated Systems and Global Solutions - Defense  -  King of Prussia, PA - April 2011
to December 2013

Systems Engineering leadership providing technical leadership and functional management for 28 full and part
time employees servicing multiple contracts. Responsible for employee recruitment, selection and training,
performance  assessment,  work  assignments,  salary,  and  recognition/disciplinary  actions.  On  program,
responsible  for  a  variety  of  leadership  tasking  including  Agile  Scrum  Master  and  Program  Management
tasks such as long range staffing planning, budget maintenance, schedule maintenance and senior customer
contact.

Engineering Program Manager - BADLANDS program
Lockheed Martin Integrated Systems and Global Solutions - Defense  -  King of Prussia, PA - April 2007
to July 2012

King of Prussia, PA
Engineering Program Manager - BADLANDS program

Run day to day operations on a $7 million per year, 30+ head operational program with elements in Valley
Forge PA and Colorado Springs CO. Accountable to director for staffing and retention for multiple contracts,
by working closely with other Engineering Program Managers in the same business area to share common
resources.  Accountable  to  the  Director  for  meeting  contract  orders,  sales,  profit,  and  cash  commitments
on  a  monthly,  quarterly  and  annual  basis.  Responsible  for  budgeting  and  planning  the  program  baseline,
and driving performance as the Cost Accountability Manager. Develop, tailor, and maintain engineering and
program  management  processes  and  standard  operating  procedures.  Develop  and  pursue  organic  sales
growth opportunities with the customer. Maintain a strong working relationship with prime contractor Program
Manager. Act for LM Program Manager as required.

SEIT Lead - Program 713
Lockheed Martin IS&S Intelligence Systems  -  King of Prussia, PA - November 2003 to April 2007

System  Engineering,  Integration  and  Test  lead  on  an  aggressively  paced,  highly  successful  development
program from program startup through deployment and operational phase. Led all format design phase efforts
on behalf of the prime contractor. Cost Accountability Manager for SEIT and PM teams. System Requirements
lead for all contractors. System, segment and intersegment verification lead, with significant prime contractor
and government customer direct Program Management contact. After system deployment, led effort for data
collection and analysis of system demonstration with direct daily contact with the government customer, acting
for the prime contractor. This effort was the sole award fee criteria for the period and resulted in a 100% award
fee plus rollover fee. This period included 4 months as Acting Program Manager.

Systems Integration
Lockheed Martin Management and Data Systems  -  King of Prussia, PA - October 2000 to November
2003

Deputy Program Manager/Acting Program Manager, Program 677
Responsible for daily operations of a $20M, 80+ FTE Systems Integration program for a national customer
in satellite communications. Included 1 year as Acting Program Manager and second line manager for all
80 employees. Represented Washington DC-based Program Manager in Valley Forge region. Responsible
for staffing, planning, program execution, meeting budget constraints, meeting orders, sales, profit, and cash
commitments. Regular customer Program Manager contact. Directed Engineering Change Proposals to the
program. Chaired Engineering Review Board.

Systems Integration
GE/Martin Marietta/Lockheed Martin Management and Data Systems  -  King of Prussia, PA - October
1988 to October 2000

Systems Engineer, Program 605/607/668/677
Multiple  system  engineer  roles  at  System,  Segment,  and  Subsystem  levels  in  support  of  a  large  systems
integration  effort  for  a  national  customer  in  satellite  communications.  Effort  included  roles  as  spacecraft
controls subsystem lead, unit manager, and second line manager.

Production Engineer, MK21 Program
General Electric Company ReEntry Systems  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 1983 to October 1988

Designed  components  for  Solid  State  Radar  element  of  the  Arming  and  Fuzing  Assembly  of  the  MX
(Peacekeeper) Missile. Performed detailed circuit analysis and documentation. Designed and developed test
equipment. Performed unit level testing, troubleshooting and disposition of production units.

EDUCATION

Masters in Electrical Engineering

Villanova University - Villanova, PA
September 1983 to May 1989

Bachelors in Electrical Engineering
Villanova University - Villanova, PA
September 1979 to May 1983

SKILLS

Project Management (10+ years)

