James Tuck

Development Engineer

Maple Glen, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/James-Tuck/cabd86f27a639539

Engineer experienced in electro-mechanical equipment, controls, automation, instrumentation and IT, new
product development, multidisciplinary project management, industrial, pharmaceutical and medical device
experience.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Development Engineer
KIDDE FIRE FIGHTING, a UTC company  -  Exton, PA - 2012 to Present

Elaborated  calculations,  studies  and  design  documentation  for  mechanical  systems  using  both  analytical
methods and FEA SolidWorks Simulation Professional software.Developed complex hydraulic installations for
power transmission. Designed electrical and automation installations using Parker IQAN control system.

Engineer
INTEGRA LIFE SCIENCES  -  Plainsboro, NJ - 2009 to 2011

Reviewed PLC (Allen Bradley's SLC500, CompactLogix) and HMI (Wonderware's InTouch and Intellution's
iFix, Allen Bradley's PanelView) programs and control systems' architecture, found root causes of deviations
and  proposed  corrective  and  preventive  actions.  Supervised  the  operation  of  medical  device  production
equipment,  troubleshot,  calibrated  and  implemented  changes  of  control  systems  and  electro-mechanical
components. Developed an original image analysis program in C#.net for assessing the quality of the products
and determine the usable sections.

Principal Engineer
CORDIS Corp., a Johnson & Johnson Company  -  Spring House, PA - 2005 to 2008

Developed,  put  into  operation,  troubleshot  and  validated  control  systems  for  installations  of  stent  drug
coating, using Allen Bradley CompactLogix PLC, Wonderware InTouch HMI and ArchestrA SCADA. Created
specifications  for  outsourced  software  packages,  reviewed  the  code  and  the  validation  documentation  for
conformity  with  the  Cordis'  Computer  System  Validation  (CSV)  and  GAMP  requirements  and  requested
corrective actions for the deviations.

Senior Process Control Engineer
DELAVAU LLC  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2005 to 2007

Maintained and developed hardware and software controlling lines of process equipment, including complex
motion  control  functionality,  using  Allen  Bradley  PLCs,  Wonderware  InTouch  and  Intellution  iFix  HMIs,
integrated with Wonderware InTrack based MES. Resolved failure situations and assured the continuation
of the process with a minimum of interruption.Initiated changes which improved the programs and reduced
downtime. Reviewed validation documentation and implemented changes.

Senior Process Control Engineer
SANOFI-PASTEUR - 2004 to 2005

Troubleshot and maintained control systems during the validation of a vaccine plant, using Allen Bradley PLCs
and Rockwell's RSView HMI. Assured continuous operation of complex lines of automated equipment and
initiated process improvements.

Project Manager
SP INDUSTRIES, HULL COMPANY  -  Warminster, PA - 1999 to 2004

Put  into  operation,  troubleshot  and  validated  control  systems  for  installations  of  lyophilization  for
pharmaceutical  products,  using  Allen  Bradley  PLCs,  Wonderware  InTouch  and  Intellution  iFix  HMIs  and
ArchestrA SCADA. Authored original automation program for a vial handling installations comprising servo
and stepper motors for actuating rotating tables, belt conveyors and pushing-extracting devices.

EDUCATION

MS in Mechanical Engineering
Temple University Ambler Campus Glenside - Glenside, PA

