Jeffrey Jeronis

Lead Electrical Engineer

Levittown, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jeffrey-Jeronis/6c68df5f53c10de2

15 Years experience from component to system level design. DOD related work and testing/verification. Fluent
with all test equipment, oscilloscopes, spectrum anaylizers, Digital Volt Meters, power supplies. Prepare and
present technical presentations for customers. Fluent with Word, Excel, PowerPoint. Interested in R&D projects
and expanding the scope of current projects.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Lead Electrical Engineer
Navmar Applied Sciences Corporation (NASC) - June 2004 to September 2011

Lead Electrical Engineer for TigerShark UAV Program: Responsibilities included wiring design, integration of
all avionics, field testing, introduction to manufacturing and field support of deployed aircraft. Extensive travel
required for qualification and acceptance testing of aircraft.

Systems Engineer: Responsible for O&S ( Operations and Support ) and logistical support of DOD deployed
imagery systems. Fielded calls from various worldwide locations to expedite solutions/repairs for any problems
encountered  in  the  field.  Also  responsible  for  maintaining  yearly  maintenance  contracts  and  configuration
management of the various deployed systems.

Lead Electrical Engineer
Piasecki Aircraft Corporation - June 2002 to June 2004

Responsible  for  all  aspects  of  electrical  design  pertaining  to  the  modification  of  a  Blackhawk  helicopter.
The modification replaces the conventional tail rotor with a Piasecki VTDP ( Vectored Thrust Ducted Prop)
configuration.  See  www.piasecki.com  for  further  details.  Responsibilities  included  the  design,  purchasing,
manufacturing  liaison  and  direction  of  two  electromechanical  technicians  pertaining  to  the  modification.
Also  responsible  for  generating  specifications  of  special  item  parts,  test  procedures  for  new  systems  and
engineering support for testing of other systems, i.e. mechanical, hydraulic. Electrical systems consist of control
surface actuation, cockpit display indication and aircraft instrumentation. Instrumentation includes strain gages,
potentiometers, accelerometers, pressure transducers, temperature transducers, and chip detectors.

Electrical Engineer
Smiths Industries Aerospace - October 2000 to December 2002

Responsible for the design, development, introduction to manufacturing and manufacturing support of solid
state  cockpit  displays.  Also  responsible  for  qualification  testing  of  said  displays.  Qualification  consisted  of
EMI/RFI  conformance  (DO160),  vibration,  temperature  and  environmental  testing.  Generated  ECRs/ECNs
modifying designs to meet specifications and generated qualification test reports upon successful completion
of tests.

Electrical Engineer
Litton Special Devices - March 1994 to October 2000

Responsible for the electrical design of closed-loop servo systems. Projects included brush, 3-phase brushless
and stepper motor designs, all used for military applications. Worked with mechanical engineers to define
customer specifications and develop solutions to conform with the specifications. Designed test equipment,
generated ATPs, performed MTBF calculations (MIL-STD-217), qualification testing, reports and supported

introduction to manufacturing for all designs. Other projects included a power supply redesign for a cockpit
indicator line, reducing power consumption by 30%.

EDUCATION

Electronics and Controls
BSEE Drexel University
1996

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills

Signal Integrity Training
Soldering Certification, MIL-STD-2000
Computer Literate, Word, Excel ect.
Engineering Software: Autocad, Mentor Graphics, Electronics Workbench

