Nathan Kocher

Freelance Controls Engineer

West Chester, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nathan-Kocher/295898178c53a7ec

* Experienced Project Controls Engineer with diverse technical experience at a national laboratory, an OEM,
and a systems integration firm.
* Experience in estimation, design, procurement, programming, project management, and commissioning of
control systems and their instrumentation.
*  Proficient  in  Programmable  Logic  Controllers  (PLC),  HMI,  SCADA,  embedded  systems,  communication
networks, and commercial systems integration.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Engineer
Veltek Associates Inc.  -  Malvern, PA - March 2013 to Present

Consultant
Absolute Control Engineering  -  West Chester, PA - January 2013 to Present

PLC, HMI, SCADA programming, control panel design, documentation, consulting, and project management.

PROJECT ENGINEER
The Roberts Filter Group  -  Media, PA - February 2012 to Present

Responsible for developing PLC-based process control systems for water and wastewater treatment systems.
Allen-Bradley, Siemens, Schneider Electric PLCs. Programming on A-B, Siemens, Schneider, and Red Lion
hardware.
*  Assists  with  control  system  design,  control  panel  design,  P&ID  design,  and  revising  design  though  the
submittal process.
*  Collaborates  with  Process  Engineers  and  Consulting  Engineers  to  create  a  functional  description  of  the
control system's operation and, as head programmer of PLC and HMI devices, implement control strategy via
PLC, HMI, and single-loop PID controllers (Yokogawa and Red Lion).
* Provides guidance to electricians on panel wiring and instrumentation wiring. Completes factory acceptance
testing (FAT) before instrumentation and control panel are shipped.
*  In  collaboration  with  Electrical  Contractors  and  Systems  Integrators,  perform  system  commissioning  by
performing I/O checks, instrumentation setup and calibration, ensuring all chemical pumps, water pumps, air
blowers, and control valves are operational and that the process is optimized.
* Perform field service of legacy control systems at client's sites throughout the country.

Controls Engineer
CIM Automation - M.C. Dean, Inc  -  Richmond, VA - May 2011 to February 2012

Integrated control systems by programming SCADA (WinCC) and PLC software.
* Collaborated with senior engineers on design and commissioning of control systems at wastewater treatment
facilities.

Electrical Engineer Intern, May
Bechtel Marine Propulsion Corporation  -  West Mifflin, PA - May 2010 to August 2010

Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory, West Mifflin, PA

* Performed a feasibility study of an experimental networking protocol for use in a real-time, safety-critical
instrumentation and control system.
*  Implemented  a  redundant,  mixed-traffic  network  (safety-critical  data  and  other  traffic),  developed  testing
methods, and performed a network analysis using networking probes and software.
* Developed MATLAB scripts for post-processing packet data and to calculate network parameters (delay
through switch, data-to-clock jitter) and to quantify data loss at varied switch loading levels.

* Evaluated the network performance of the Time-triggered Ethernet protocol for use in a real-time, safety-
critical instrumentation and control system.
*  Implemented  a  redundant,  mixed-traffic  network  (safety-critical  data  and  other  traffic),  developed  testing
methods, and performed a network analysis using Network Instruments' Gigastor probe.
* Tested system response as a function of switch capacity by generating UDP background traffic.
* Developed MATLAB scripts for post-processing packet data and to calculate network parameters (delay
through switch, data-to-clock jitter) and to quantify data loss at varied switch loading levels.

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER INTERN
Bechtel Marine Propulsion - May 2009 to August 2009

Generated functional requirements of an electric plant control system.
* Procured, assembled, networked, programmed, field-wired, and tested a PLC-based control panel capable
of controlling circuit breaker operation and the monitoring of bus voltage.
* Demonstrated small-scale control panel to show feasibility of controlling testing within the electric plant.

DISTRIBUTION ENGINEER INTERN
FirstEnergy Corporation  -  York, PA - May 2008 to August 2008

Performed circuit loading studies and provided customer service.

HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE EXPERIENCE
*  PLCs  and  OITs:  Allen-Bradley  (A-B)  CompactLogix,  ControlLogix,  MicroLogix,  Panelview,  Siemens
S7-300/1200, Schneider Electric, Modicon
*  PLC  Software:  RSLogix5000/500/5,  RSView,  FactoryTalk,  STEP-7,  Unity,  ProWorX,  Pro  Face,  TISOFT,
Crimson, Wonderware InTouch, Citech
* MS Office Suite, Windows, Linux, OS X, Programming in C, C++, VB, C#, Java and Python

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering
The Pennsylvania State University - University Park, PA

Bachelor of Science in Physics
West Chester University - West Chester, PA

SKILLS

PLC, HMI, SCADA, Strategy, Instrumentation, Implementation, Project Management

