Paul Redkoles

Senior Real-Time Software Engineer

Mullica Hill, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Paul-Redkoles/c8863a2b0979d37c

Senior real-time software engineer using skills and experience developed over six years of education and
fifteen years of industry experience.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Real-time Senior Software Engineer
The Boeing Company  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2001 to Present

Primary job function has been working as a lead real-time software engineer in the Flight Simulation Laboratory
at the Boeing Rotorcraft facility. During my fifteen years in the aerospace industry I've worked in such diverse
areas as virtual reality, real-time distributed simulation computing using Linux, digital flight control systems,
tactical simulations, math modeling, aural cueing, avionics testing, glass cockpit displays, and helmet-mounted
displays incorporating synthetic vision, symbology overlay, and head-tracking. All work was done on major DoD
programs including the heavy-lift CH-47 Chinook helicopter, the V-22 tilt-rotor, Future Combat Systems (FCS),
Network-Centric Operations (NCO), and the RAH-66 Comanche and Apache Army helicopter programs. I've
also presented and had several papers published in the American Helicopter Society's annual forums, and was
invited to have one of these papers published in the new Journal of Aerospace Computing, Information, and
Communication (JACIC), published by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA). I'm also
listed as a co-inventor on a patented aircraft heading prediction algorithm for rotorcrafts. I also have a Secret
US Security Clearance. I was awarded Employee of the Month for March 2005 for sustaining performance,
initiative and creativity from a project that dealt with proposing and implementing a lost-cost, real-time, off-the-
shelf distributed simulation computing environment. This environment used a PC/Linux Cluster for a Network-
Centric Ops simulation and live-fly using various tactical network protocols such as UDP, TCP, Link-16 and
XML for different aircraft variants. Other projects roles included architecture and implementation focal working
with avionics suppliers Rockwell-Collins and Honeywell on cockpit display development for various and sundry
Chinook Heavy-Lift Rotorcraft Programs.

Provides innovative and creative new concepts and leadership. Leads analyses of customer requirements
and development and integration of application computing architectures, systems and interfaces. Exercise
all  facets  of  the  software  engineering  life-cycle  by  designing,  coding,  testing,  documenting,  and  installing
software  routines,  modules,  and  programs  of  a  complex  nature  that  are  my  work,  or  of  3rd  party  nature.
Identifies and assigns tasks to project team members. Draws up estimates and schedules. Improves software
engineering  standards,  processes,  and  techniques  through  SEI-CMM/CMMI/Agile/Lean  practices.  Leads
technical reviews of feasibility studies and conducts design, documentation, implementation, and validation
reviews. Communicates with department management and functional users on project requirements, activities,
and status. Works with major Program suppliers on critical path risk reduction efforts. I also have an active
Secret US Government Security Clearance.

Graduate Teaching Assistant in Computer Science
Clemson University  -  Clemson, SC - August 1998 to December 2000

Graduate Teaching Assistant in Computer Science. Promoted to University 
Instructor from August 1999 – Dec 2000 after being evaluated one of the 
top two TA’s. Responsible for holding structured, introductory computer 

science courses. Taught C in the Unix environment for three semesters. 
Also instructed in web development(HTML/JavaScript), email, ftp, 
MS-Office, and various other microcomputer applications for two 
semesters.

Web Programmer and Information Systems Consultant
Comcast-Spectacor  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 1997 to December 2000

Web Programmer supporting all major web sites of Comcast-Spectacor which include:
Philadelphia  Flyers,  Sixers,  Phantoms,  Comcast  SportsNet,  Wings,  Kixx,  First  Union  Center,  First  Union
Spectrum, and Flyer affiliated SkateZones. IT support for Comcast-Spectacor involving system and network
hardware/software installation, support, troubleshooting, and
upgrading, with on-site support to 300+ users over all branches of the company. One of my final assignments
was supporting the Republican National Convention in 2000.

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Computer Science
Clemson University - Clemson, SC
1998 to 2000

Bachelor of Science in Information and Computer Sciences
Stockton University - Township of Galloway, NJ
1994 to 1998

AWARDS

AHS Award of Year
June 2008

AIAA Award of Year
May 2009

PATENTS

Heading reference command and control algorithm and cueing systems and methods
for aircraft turn-to-target maneuvers (#US7437223 B2)
https://www.google.com.ar/patents/US7437223
August 2005
Systems and methods are provided for determining a final heading of a turning vehicle, such as a rotorcraft. The
system may include an algorithm that calculates an advance prediction of a final heading that will be achieved
after  control  input  is  terminated.  The  system  may  also  include  a  device,  such  as  a  display,  for  conveying
predicted final heading information to an aircraft controller, such as a pilot.

PUBLICATIONS

Distributed Flight Simulation Architecture using a PC/Linux Cluster
https://vtol.org/store/product/distributed-flight-simulation-architecture-using-a-pclinux-cluster-7443.cfm
May 15, 2003

A Re-Configurable Portable Simulator to Support Rotorcraft Tactical Mission Rehearsal
and Advanced Concepts Prototyping
https://vtol.org/store/product/a-reconfigurable-portable-simulator-to-support-rotorcraft-tactical-mission-
rehearsal-and-advanced-concepts-prototyping-3480.cfm
May 7, 2007

Multi-Fidelity Architecture for Rotorcraft Cockpit Simulation Training Devices
https://vtol.org/store/product/multifidelity-architecture-for-rotorcraft-cockpit-simulation-training-
devices-2086.cfm
May 7, 2002

Helicopter Active Control Technology Handling Qualities Simulator Development
https://vtol.org/store/product/helicopter-active-control-technology-handling-qualities-simulator-
development-7431.cfm
May 7, 2002

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS

•Fifteen  years  of  DoD  Aerospace  industry  experience.  Effective  project  leader,  and  ability  to  work  under
minimal to no supervision against heavy time constraints. Repeatedly solving especially difficult problems and/
or changing processes/procedures to improve product quality. Working with major Program suppliers on critical
path risk reduction efforts.

•Master's thesis dealt with correctness preserving transformations in
the context of formal methods for optimization verification during
software maintenance.

•Programming Languages - Ada and Ada95, ASP, Assembly Language,
BASIC(all versions and visual), C and C++(with Visual C++), C#, .NET, CGI
and scripting (with awk, Korn Shell, Perl, and C), CORBA, DirectX,
FORTRAN 77, HTML, XML, ISETL, Java JavaBeans RMI and JavaScript(with Java
Applets), LISP, Perl, Prolog, Smalltalk, tcl/tk, MATLAB.

•APIs - STL, Boost, OpenGL, OpenAL, SDL, DirectX, PLIB, VAPS, OpenSG, PCap.

•Modeling Languages - UML(Rational Rose), RAPIDE, ACME, other ADLs.

•Compilers  -  GNU  gcc/g++,  gnat,  g77.  IRIX  cc,  CC,  f77.  Windows  Visual  Suite  (C/C++),  Dev-C++,  Object
Ada95/Meridian Ada83/GPS, javac.

•Operating Systems - Unix(Solaris & SGI IRIX), Linux(Fedora Core, Red Hat, PS2, Android),
DOS(MS, PC), Windows […] VMS, VxWorks (real-time), iOS.

•Computer Hardware - Sun(Sparc Ultra), SGI, Intel, PlayStation2, VAX,
PowerPC, PIC, ESIG-3000, Quantum 3D, SCRAMNet, Ethernet, Display Systems.

•TCP/IP and UDP/IP Socket Programming.

•Touchscreen technologies.

•Excellent leadership, writing, organizational, presentation, and
communication skills.

Relevant Coursework: 

Software Architecture (Patterns, QoS Attributes, Risk Analyses)
Software Specification and Design 
Software Verification and Validation 
Design and Analysis of Algorithms 
Distributed Operating Systems 
Computer Networks & Data Communications 
Computational Science, Statistics
Natural and Applied Sciences (Physics, Calculus, Chemistry) 

Clemson University, 2000 – 3.60 GPA 
Richard Stockton College of NJ, 1998, Dean’s List – 3.82 GPA 
Penns Grove High School 1994 Valedictorian

ACTIVITIES 

Family,  Musician,  fitness  and  nutrition,  golf,  home  projects,  astronomy,  meteorology,  flight  simulation,
computer graphics, and traveling. 

REFERENCES 

Available upon request.

