Raymond Rogowski

Manager Global Marketing and Product Line Management - Honeywell International

Thornton, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Raymond-Rogowski/a08d95cb4f85f96b

Results driven Global Marketing, Product and Product Line business manager with an exemplary track record
of profitable business strategy and execution, serving technology B-B customers in Energy, Manufacturing,
Industrial and Aerospace markets with hardware, software, electronic and services portfolios.

Strong  business  acumen,  P&L  accountability  and  leadership  for  strategic  and  tactical  business  plans,
marketing, product management, operations, manufacturing, supply chain and new product development.

Reputation as "leader by example" and mentor who empowers others to achieve their maximum potential.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Manager Global Marketing and Product Line Management
Honeywell International - 2014 to Present

137M P&L, 5-year strategy and execution, annual operating and investment budgets
• Managed via a global team of seven product, marketing and MARCOM managers.
• Serve Oil & Gas, Chemical, Petro- Chemical markets through B-to-B, indirect and OEM channels.

Director Marketing
Honeywell International - 2012 to 2014

• Promoted to develop and execute new industrial wireless growth initiative across all Honeywell HPS business
units.
• Manage a global team of five entrepreneurial marketing and business development professionals, technology
(R&D), joint ventures, partnerships and licensing opportunities.

Director Marketing and Product Management
Honeywell International - 2009 to 2012

• Promoted to develop and execute new industrial wireless growth initiative across all Honeywell HPS business
units.
• Manage a global team of five entrepreneurial marketing and business development professionals, technology
(R&D), joint ventures, partnerships and licensing opportunities.

Manager Product Line Management - Manufacturing
Honeywell International - 2007 to 2009

•  Promoted  to  manage  P&L  of  $73M  global  automation  and  field  instrumentation  business  serving  O&G,
Chemical, Mining, Petro-Chemical, Pharmaceutical, Aerospace industries
• Manage a global team of cross functional professionals in marketing, operations, technology (R&D), supply
chain, manufacturing, projects, and service.

Global Product Marketing Manager
Honeywell International - 2003 to 2007

• Assigned additional $17M business; Honeywell Water Quality business serving Power Generation, Industrial
Waste Water and Pharmaceutical markets

• Own new product development, MARCOM, Voice of Customer and overall 5- year strategy.

Senior Product Marketing Manager
Honeywell International - 1997 to 2003

• $15M product line serving energy and power generation automation market
• Recruited to turn around an underperforming acquisition; improved unprofitable business to +15% OP.
• Closed eight +$100K OEM opportunities and executed five "concept to launch" developments resulting in
$3. 3M of new business.

Engineering Manager
Harold Beck & Sons, Inc - 1993 to 1997

Aerospace Design Engineer
Harold Beck & Sons, Inc - 1988 to 1993

Aerospace  Design  Engineer  -  Engineered  military  aircraft  components  under  DOD
contract
DHD, INC  -  Bensalem, PA - 1986 to 1988

DoD and NASA contractor
ILC Dover, Inc  -  Dover, DE - 1985 to 1986

Aerospace Design Engineer - Designed electro-mechanical spacecraft equipment.

EDUCATION

MBA in Marketing & Finance
Rider University
1994

BS in Aeronautical Engineering
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University
1984

BS in Mechanical Engineering
Drexel University
1983

SKILLS

General Management (10+ years), Product development (10+ years), Profit and Loss Management (10+
years), Global product and services marketing (10+ years), Strategic Planning and Execution (10+ years),
Competitive Analysis (10+ years), Contract Negotiations (8 years), Capital Planning (10+ years), Portfolio
Management (10+ years), Six Sigma Green Belt (10+ years), Lean Manufacturing (7 years), Product
Management (10+ years), Siebel Analytics and CRM (10+ years), SalesForce.com (6 years)

CERTIFICATIONS

Professional Marketeer
Thru AMA

Private Pilot License

SEL

GROUPS

Boy Scouts of America
Recruiter, Fund Raiser and assistant Scout Master

PATENTS

Wireless (#20090253383)
http://www.google.ch/patents/US20090253383
April 2008
• Honeywell wireless patent - 20090253383

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CAREER ACHEIVEMENTS
• Developed and led global wireless strategy resulting in incremental $28M profitable revenue and Honeywell’s
first entry into wireless industrial automation and mobile solutions business.

•  Standardized  Voice  of  Customer,  market  segmentation  and  investment  processes  resulting  in  multi-year
strategy and profitable incremental growth of +$41M in the Industrial Automation market.

• Implemented standardized portfolio and life cycle processes resulting improved P&L margin of +13 points
with targeted line pruning, pricing actions and investments.

• Negotiated manufacturing license agreement to salvage pending supplier bankruptcy issues worth $25M
over 5 years.

• Expanded Asia and Pacific opportunities through an exclusive private label distribution agreement worth an
incremental $4M per year over 10 years. 

• Turned around Honeywell’s water quality business from an operating loss to >15% OP through pricing actions,
segmentation, product investment and revised sales organization.
• Improved working capital position by $3.3M through improved inventory management, demand planning and
sales forecasting.
•  Negotiated  long-term  product,  technology  and  service  agreement  with  CISCO  systems  for  Honeywell
OneWireless.

