Taraneh Maleki

Software Engineer - Thermo Fisher Scientific

Cherry Hill, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Taraneh-Maleki/293b08c88a761911

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
Thermo Fisher Scientific - March 2011 to February 2015

Maintenance and development of a "Paper Less Lab" application on Windows 7 written in C# and .NET
• UI design and implementation
• SCRUM methodology
• Database design (Oracle)

Software Engineer Principal Leader
Computer Science Corporation  -  Moorestown, NJ - June 2009 to March 2011

Moorestown, NJ 6/97- 3/11
Providing systems engineering, software engineering, and system integration products and services to Coast
Guard

Senior software Engineer
Computer Science Corporation - 2004 to February 2011

Troubleshoot  software  design  and  implementation  issues  within  a  large  scale  complex  real  time  system,
diagnose, fix, test and deliver the solution using C++, JAVA, Unix Scripts, and OO methods.
• Design, develop, and test back end and front end (GUI) applications integral to a complex large scale real
time system using C++.
• Contribute to Research and Development projects for prototyping purposes using JAVA
• Conceive, develop, and successfully deliver projects on time meeting key deadlines
• Designed, developed, and delivered Sensor Manager Software Applications using C++ and OO methods, .
Sensors' Channel Managers using C++. and real-time software applications;
• Employed Object Orientated Analysis and Design (OOA/OOD) methodology using UML tools to create open
and reusable system functionality.

Senior Computer Scientist
Joint Computer-Aided Acquisition and Logistics Support Project - 1997 to 2004

Designed and developed GUI based Reference Library Utility for Windows (Visual C++)
• Worked on enhancements of CSC Workflow Management product. (Visual C++)
• Conducted compatibility study of CSC workflow product versus Workflow Management Coalition Standards.
(WfMC)
• Designed and developed socket-based communication in C for UNIX and Windows
• Created and developed C interfaces between CSC product (UNIX/ORACLE based) and External Systems -
NT, Win 95, Legacy systems, other Oracle instances- (C, Stored Procedures, UNIX & UNIX scripts).

Senior Member of Technical Staff
Avemco Insurance Corp  -  Frederick, MD - 1992 to 1997

Trained SDLC methods to 50 engineers (OOSE) for the purpose of reverse engineering legacy code
• Reverse engineered 5000, 000 lines of COBOL legacy insurance application. w/o prior knowledge of COBOL,
to obtain OO use cases, and analysis objects as a prelude of code conversion from Cobol to Visual C++

• Designed Windows GUI, Developing and heavy debugging of existing C++ code. (Borland IDE).

Member of Technical Staff
Telematics International Corporation  -  Reston, VA - 1988 to 1992

Direct responsibility for design, implementation, maintenance, and testing of different software components of
a 68000 based T1 multiplexer (Digital eXchange) such as Voice Card, Data Card, Network Fault Detection
Utility.

Software Development Engineer
Honeywell Inc  -  Fort Washington, PA - 1984 to 1988

Developed 68K based state-of-the-art digital process control system. (Used Pascal)

Member of Technical Staff
Processor Innovations Consultants  -  Eatontown, NJ - 1981 to 1984

Responsible for a cross-development software product that enhanced an Intel Microcomputer to behave as a
Texas Instrument Microcomputer to introduce Intel Developers to Texas Instrument's Development suites.
• Software/hardware evaluation, research, design, and implementation through different projects: operating
system modifications, software to debug hardware, Texas Instruments Emulators, File conversion utility.
• Designed, implemented and tested client and server TCP/IP socket interfaces.

EDUCATION

computer science
Stevens Institute of Technology - Hoboken, NJ
2004

BS in Electronics Engineering
Monmouth University - West Long Branch, NJ
May 1981

B.S. in Electronics Engineering
Tehran Polytechnic University
1975 to 1979

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

Software: C#, .NET, C++, JAVA, ANSI C, CMS 2, HTML, XML, Visual C++, SQL, Shell Script, embedded
systems, Crystal Reports; currently learning Objective C
Hardware: Sun, VAX, Redhawk, 68000 Motorola, 8051 Intel, Emulators
Tools: Rational Rose, Visio, PowerPoint, Excel, Clear Case, Microsoft Word, Oracle, Sybase, UML
Operating Systems: SunOS/Solaris, VAX VMS, Linux, UNIX, WINDOWS

SKILLS

Trilingual (English, French, Persian)

COMMUNITY

Volunteer, Soup Kitchen, Fundraising for Voorhees Middle School, Assisted Living Laurel Lakes

