Tiana Adams-Hawkins

Electrical Engineer

Camden, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tiana-Adams-Hawkins/0a74edaec568d58f

To obtain a Full-Time position in the field of Computer Engineering.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Engineer
Otis Elevator Company  -  Bloomfield, CT - September 2012 to February 2013

Designed and checked schematics using E3 software, scripted using Visual Basic, and assembled
elevator controllers.

Software Test Engineer
Paychex Inc  -  Webster, NY - March 2012 to August 2012

Participated in the software engineering cycle by test scripting and testing for Paychex products.

Product Engineer
Galari  -  Rochester, NY - June 2011 to August 2011

Partook in early hardware and software prototyping for the debut product of a start-up company.
Provided AC schematics, Java programming, application markups, and hardware specifications for the device.

IT Intern
Coriell Institute for Medical Research  -  Camden, NJ - June 2008 to August 2008

Managed the database for the company-run science fair using SQL and helped implement a more
user-friendly interface for registration using Visual Studio. Also helped to organize the company
catalog.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering
Rochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY

SKILLS

Skills: Coding Languages/Protocols: C++, Java, VHDL, Assembly, SQL, C, MIPS, Visual Basic Spoken
Languages: Fluent English, Conversational Japanese, Mild Spanish, Beginning Arabic Operating Systems:
Windows, Linux/Unix Software: Quartus, Orcad, Pspice, Emacs, Matlab, WinSCP, Eclipse, NetBeans,
PALASM, HP Quality Center, E3, Mentor Graphics, Visual Studio Hardware: Prototyping hardware, AC/DC
circuits, MOSFETs, PAL, Arduino, FPGAs, Freescale K60, Soldering

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Projects: (S= school project, P = personal project)
(P) Ideas in Gear: A venture to create a website that facilitates the development of ideas into reality.
(P) Sasha: Work-in-progress desktop computer with the goal of optimized computing
performance suitable for multiple intense uses

(P) Glove Interface (disbanded): A team project to develop an EMG signal driven interface
device that can be used as a keyboard, mouse, joystick, etc
(S) RAPTOR: An aerial scouting system designed for real-time navigation consisting of a client
app, central server, and aerial drone. Software was coded primarily in C++ using Visual Studio
(S) Pizza Delivery Simulator: A team project that simulated the pizza delivery process from order to delivery
using a GUI. Coded in Java using Eclipse and Netbeans
(S) Two-Player games: A team project that included a series of four puzzle games in which the player could
either play with the computer, or have the computer play with itself. All games were
coded in C++ and shared the same framework.
(S) Frenzy: A Java game where the objective was to eat blocks, but not be eaten. Implemented
using GUIs and threads.

