Walter Kaden

Systems Engineer (Senior Staff)

Bordentown, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Walter-Kaden/e84a613f4956361a

Over twenty-nine years of experience in the design of spaceflight power and battery systems and requirements
management. Lead Design Engineer responsible for all technical aspects in the development and qualification
of  battery  designs  including  subcontract  management  activities.  Lead  of  the  Commercial  Space  Systems
Requirements, Analysis and Verification (RAV) group, providing technical supervision and mentoring to other
engineers,  enabling  the  use  of  standardized  practices  and  managing  staffing  plans  and  labor  charging
performance.
• Battery Design
• Requirements Development, Management and Verification/Validation
• Electrical Power Systems
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Systems Engineer (Senior Staff)
LOCKHEED MARTIN COMMERCIAL SPACE SYSTEMS  -  Newtown, PA - 2001 to April 2015

Lithium-Ion Cell and Battery Certified Principal Engineer for the GOES-R Program
• Guided overall technical management of the Lithium-Ion Cell, the first large quantity procurement of flight
quality Lithium-Ion storage cells by Lockheed Martin.
• Lead Lockheed Martin team for the subcontract of the Lithium-Ion Battery, the first procurement of a high
power Lithium-Ion Battery for a demanding government customer.
• Provided thorough reviews of the Saft America, Inc, battery thermal, structural, mechanical and electrical
designs, manufacturing and test documentation in order to minimize the pathfinder learning curve.
•  Streamlined  manufacturing  processes  and  functional,  performance,  environmental  and  safety  test
methodology to reduce schedule.
• Provided technical leadership of nonconformance and test failure root cause investigations, corrective actions
and nonconformance closures, resulting in a 90% reduction in cell level and 50% reduction in battery level
defects.
• Performed final hardware acceptance and certification reviews.

Lead of Requirements, Analysis and Verification Group in Systems Engineering
•  Supervised  the  day  to  day  activities  of  several  engineers  including  management  of  staffing  plans  and
performance to schedule and cost requirements.
•  Managed  the  flowdown  of  all  program  performance  requirements  to  lower  levels  and  verification  of
requirements during all phases of design, analysis and test, including noncompliance resolution.
• Supplied engineering support to LMCSS Commercial and Government New Business opportunities, including
technical review of all request for proposal (RFP) contractual requirements documents and implementation of
changes to those documents to reflect the LMCSS standard product line and performance.
•  Supported  CMMI  Project  Assessment  in  the  Requirements  Development,  Requirements  Management,
Validation  and  Verification  process  areas,  with  particular  emphasis  on  the  implementation  of  bi-directional
requirements traceability.
• Achieved significant leveraging of a previous program's verification effort, resulting in a 67% reduction in the
number of charged engineering hours.

Systems Engineer
SYSTEM DESIGN CONCEPTS  -  Lawrenceville, NJ - 1998 to 2001

Power Subsystem Engineer
• Analyzed the Power Subsystem requirements (voltage drop, wire sizing) and performed trade studies (cell
bypass, battery charging system) for the STS Electrical Auxiliary Power Unit (EAPU) while on site at Boeing
Space Systems (Torrance, CA)

Walter M. Kaden wckaden@erols.com

• Developed system model of the Electrical Power Subsystem and Control Electronics used on Hubble Space
Telescope and performed voltage drop, fuse sizing and worst case analysis using Pspice and SABER
• Authored a proposal for a 270V Battery System, including safety and risk assessment, for use on the X-38
Program
• Prepared a performance specification, an electrical and mechanical interface requirements document and a
technical assessment of the major suppliers for a Lithium-Ion Battery proposed for the Next Generation Space
Telescope Program

Systems Engineer
LOCKHEED MARTIN MISSILES AND SPACE  -  East Windsor, NJ - 1986 to 1998

Power Subsystem Engineer for the Defense Meteorological Satellite Program (DMSP)
• Interfaced with the customer and senior management to provide status and to resolve issues related to the
power subsystem
• Verified compliance to program requirements for all power component designs and spacecraft integration
and test activities related to the power subsystem

Design Engineer
Lead Engineer for battery design teams for several commercial programs, with accountability for designs from
proposal stage to on-orbit operation
• Developed standardized, modular battery design for the A2100 program commercial satellites

EDUCATION

B.A. in Physics
Wake Forest University - Winston-Salem, NC
1985

LINKS

https://www.linkedin.com/pub/walter-kaden/12/507/61a

