Anna Maltepes

Analyst, Quality Assurance Lead Engineer - PJM Interconnection

Chalfont, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anna-Maltepes/780d2f66ba7f27ed

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Analyst, Quality Assurance Lead Engineer
PJM Interconnection  -  Norristown, PA - August 2015 to Present

PJM Interconnection)

• As part of the full life-cycle development process, involved in gathering customer requirements, collaborating
with end-users, developers and systems and technology experts.
• Creating test cases/scenarios from business requirements. Participate in all phases of the project life cycle.
• Participating in peer code reviews.
• Interfacing with business users to prepare and update Software System Requirements.
• Created and executed test cases and test scripts.
• Performing data analysis and presented results using SQL, SSIS, MS Access, Excel scripts.
• Effectively identify errors and issues involving data flow discrepancies, following up with recommendations
to improve daily operations.
• Developed, wrote and executed test cases, test scripts using SQL scripts. Document actual results using
Quality Center.
• Identified and troubleshoot issues during testing. Record issues in accordance with Agile project.
• management process. (JIRA)

Software Engineer(3M Heath Information Systems)
3M  -  Salt Lake City, UT - December 2013 to August 2015

Salt lake city,: ut dec2013 - Aug 2015
Provides medical
coding services
Software Soft Software Engineer(3M Heath Information Systems) - remote

Major Contributions
• Responsible for Integration, Functional, UAT and Regression testing on 3M Epic applications.
• Responsible for designing, building, installing, configuring and supporting 3M Epic web services and servers.
• Provide application support, including upgrading and maintaining Epic Windows and Web Servers.
• Provide user training, system upgrade, patch release install. Regression testing after the upgrade.
•  Prepare  functional  and  technical  specifications,  test  plans,  and  ensure  internal  teams  are  well  versed  in
the  testing  approach  for  the  projects.  As  part  of  the  full  life-cycle  development  process,  accountable  for
developing,  configuring,  deploying,  and  managing  productions  that  handle  the  processing  of  patient  data
received externally from hospital information systems into 360 Encompass
•  Responsible  for  development,  supporting,  enhancing,  and  optimizing  import  procedures  and  interfaces
between Cerner as well as CGI Sovera and 3M HIS Health Information Management (HIM) Applications.
• Responsible for development, testing, deployment and onsite support of a large-scale system which enabled
to transmit patient data using the Health Level 7 (HL7) data interchange protocol. (XML, JSON)

• Create test scripts, record discovered defects and issues. Support processes and applications which allow to
communicate with external systems (Hospitals), and convert the data to the internal formats required to store
it into the 360 Encompass databases
• Provide ongoing support for Ensemble CAE production that manages the external interface services and
processes that receive and process the data sent from hospital information systems and transmits it to 360
Encompass medical coding components utilizing Ensemble/Cache technology and JSON Objects, Microsoft
SQL Server and .NET C#
• Participate on cross-functional teams, coordinate and communicate with Project Managers, Product Analysts,
Quality Actively
•  Involved  in  the  requirements  gathering  and  specification  definition  phase  of  the  projects  as  well  as
development and project management using Agile methodologies
•  Analyze  software  risk  assessments,  conducting  technical  presentations  and  technical  "walk-throughs"
training
• Perform product demonstrations with 3M internal customers.
•  Collaborate  with  internal  customers  to  identify  issues  and  communicate  progress,  supporting  existing
production
• Conduct System Regression Testing, using custom Regression Test Tool

Analyst, Senior Programmer
Quest Diagnostics Inc  -  Norristown, PA - October 2004 to December 2013

Laboratory Applications Development)

Accountable for design, development, deployment and support of the business applications and automated
processes  which  facilitate  collection  and  analysis  of  Laboratory  data,  and  operations  of  various  business
processes such as compliance and billing

Major Contributions

• Responsible for development, testing, deployment and onsite support of a large-scale system which enabled
Quest's field laboratories electronic and secure submission of cancer cases using HL7 2.3 to various state's
Healthcare Agencies
• Design, develop and support processes and applications which interface with Clinical devices and encode
Clinical data to HL7 files specifications
• Support and maintain automated processes which maintain interfaces and data flow between internal Quest
systems and customer facing EMR/EHR Application (Care360) used by Healthcare Providers
•  Support  in  Laboratory  Applications  System  which  provide  users  with  high  availability  to  the  clinical  data
utilizing Cache technology and JavaScript Objects, JSTL\Custom Tags and Microsoft SQL Server
• Assess system/network availability, security, and data integrity to identify, manage, and reduce risks and
ensure general compliance
• Plan, coordinate and provide user training demos upon successful project's completion
• Act as a technical lead to integrate Quest billing system with ICD-10 codes database to enable users to
receive real-time ICD-10 codes updates, and submit ICD-10 codes information to the billing system

Software Developer (Java)
ING DIRECT Bank  -  Wilmington, DE - October 2003 to December 2004

Tasked to manage a large-scale implementation of a Web based "Bill Pay" application using Java, J2EE (JSP,
EJB, custom JSP tags), Oracle and XML

Major Contributions

• Coordinated with Development Manager and business owners to refine and clarify project requirements and
produce detailed design specifications
• Performed unit testing and released enhancements to the Business owners. Provided support for the financial
transactions and accounts management application to different business units
• Administered support to various users and business groups by generated ad-hoc SQL queries and reports
• Ensure the overnight transactions (jobs) ran smoothly without any problems, and fixed the problem source
in case if issue

Software Analyst/Developer (Java)
Sanchez Computer Associates Inc - 1996 to 2003

Documented, coded, unit tested and released projects to the Web Client and Web Admin products for use
with Xpress using Java Servlet technology

EDUCATION

DPT in Computer Science Program
DPT Business School - Philadelphia, PA
1995 to 1996

B.S. in Electrical Engineering
Institute of Civil Engineering
1989 to 1994

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Operating Systems: UNIX, DSM, Windows Server […] Windows XP Pro/7
Languages: C#, SQL, PL/SQL, C/C++, Java, Cache Objects
Databases: Oracle 9i/11g, Visual Studio .NET […] InterSystems Cache, Sybase SQL Anywhere 5.5, MS SQL
Server […]
Development Tools: Visual Cafe for Java, Eclipse, StarTeam8, MS Visual SourceSafe
Development Methodologies: SDLC, Agile, SCRUM, Design Patterns, Use Cases, Unit Testing
Specialties:  ICD-10;  Clinical  Documentation  Improvement;  Computer  Assisted  Coding  (  CAC  ),  Process
Improvement, HIMS Applications and EHR Integration; Health Information Technology Workflow Analysis and
Redesign, Epic Order Set Creation; Epic Clinical Content Review; Cerner HIM Applications; Affinity Reports
and Queries; Technical Documentation.

Areas of Expertise

✓ Leadership ✓ Software Development Life Cycle
✓ Object Oriented Programming ✓ Highly Organized and Strong Analytical Abilities
✓ Project Management ✓ Systems Deployment
✓ Testing and Support ✓ Development and Implementation of Policy
✓ Able to multi-task in fast-paced environments
✓ Articulate Oral and Written Communication
✓ Team Management
✓ Documentation
✓ Strategic Planning
✓ Requirements Analysis

✓ Account Management
✓ HER, HL7

✓ Problem Resolution and Decision Making
✓ Organizational and Analytical Abilities
✓ Laboratory Data applications
✓ Electronic Medical Records (EMR)
✓ Health Insurance Billing
✓ Risk Assessments
✓ Presentation Skills
✓ Fluent in Russian

