Bernard Flynn

Senior Network Engineer - Jacobs Technology Inc

Glen Mills, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Bernard-Flynn/e42a74dc2f173f8c

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Network Engineer
Jacobs Technology Inc - 2008 to Present

Provide technical and lead engineer support for the United States Air Force Second Generation Wireless Local
Area
Network (2GWLAN) Program, a $140 million program impacting 97 bases worldwide under full government
oversight  -  delivered  on  schedule  and  under  cost.  Jacobs  Technology  is  the  advanced  technology  arm  of
Jacobs
Engineering, one of the world's largest providers of technical professional and construction services.
• Leveraged best practices in certification and accreditation, requirements analysis, information processing,
and network engineering to apply to 97 individual bases, each with unique mission critical challenges.
• Rescued sites at risk of failure due to contractor and installation issues by addressing multiple design
challenges,  implementing  procedures  to  ensure  quality  performance,  and  resolving  scheduling  issues  and
delays. Turned one of the most challenging implementations into one of the most successful.
• Evaluated and optimized network performance, ensuring compliance with Federal Information Processing
Standards (FIPS) security requirements.
• Managed coordination of engineers and sub-contractors, cultivating relationships and becoming a go-to
resource for depth of project knowledge and track record of delivering solutions that meet requirements.
• Recruited by Jacobs at an Engineer III level and progressively promoted to Senior Engineer I, reporting
directly to the Program Manager. Recognized for ability to anticipate and prevent problems, and coordinate
resources to ensure that project objectives are met.

Wireless Network Technician
Boston Sound Productions  -  Providence, RI - 2005 to 2007

Managed deployment, support, and maintenance of Wireless Local Area Networks (WLAN) for Boston Sound,
a
production company serving the entertainment industry. Maintained 100% up-time for production-critical
wireless communications between sets, production offices, and director's trailers.

Compliance Manager Consultant
National Marker Company (NMC)  -  North Smithfield, RI - 2004 to 2004

Contracted to develop and implement a company-wide Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) to attain ISO
compliance for NMC, a national safety equipment manufacturer. Managed this project independently, from
concept to completion, with 100% positive feedback.
• Documented every task performed by every person to ensure compliance with process controls and facilitate
cross training, resulting in continuous productivity in the event of employee absence.
• Established goals and set performance standards, resulting in a direct business impact: increased
productivity, eliminated downtime, cut costs, and improved employee/employer relations.
Bernard Flynn 401.447.7990 | acnj1@email.com |

IS Networking Specialist
Rhode Island Medical Imaging (RIMI)  -  East Providence, RI - 2004 to 2004

Engaged as a contractor to design and implement a scalable, fault tolerant email system and storage server for
RIMI, a medical diagnostic imaging provider.
• Enabled immediate user growth from 30 to 250 users with unlimited future scalability; integrated new
systems with no loss of data or downtime; provided comprehensive documentation and end-user training.
• Managed support system engineers to ensure quality performance.

Logistics Manager
Astro of New England, LLC  -  Exeter, RI - 2001 to 2004

Astro of New England is a top rated moving and storage services provider servicing home and commercial
moves,  as  well  as  freight  forwarding.  Assessed  client  needs  and  managed  the  logistics  of  planning,
implementing, and controlling moves to ensure a flawless customer experience.
• Managed client accounts and provided support through timely and effective communication, problem
solving, vendor management, and change management - resulting in loyal, satisfied customers.
• Designed and implemented an electronic storage system and database for tracking of client information and
logistics data, resulting in improved data accuracy, driver efficiency, and cost control.
• Implemented a company-wide safety program for all drivers, warehouse personnel, and freight handlers,
resulting in reduced risk.

Sales and Project Engineer
Emerald Data  -  Atlantic City, NJ - 1997 to 2001

Emerald  Data  provided  network  and  point  of  sale  (POS)  technology  solutions  to  optimize  efficiency  and
productivity, primarily in the restaurant industry.
• Analyzed customer requirements and developed custom solutions to solve unique merchandising problems;
negotiated with vendors, providers, and suppliers to provide the best possible value to the customer, while
adhering to project budget and time constraints.

Site Coordinator
LG Mechanical, Inc  -  West Berlin, NJ - 1993 to 1997

Participated in budget planning, development of construction requirements and logistics, design specifications,
and  resource  planning  of  time-sensitive  projects  for  LG  Mechanical,  a  commercial  plumbing  and  HVAC
contractor
serving the commercial construction industry.
• Applied engineering drawings, construction documents/blueprints, schematics, and technical drawings
(AutoCAD) to meet design specifications of numerous large-scale construction projects.
• Analyzed requirements and procured requisite parts and equipment for each job, enabling strict adherence
to tight deadline pressure.
• Coordinated teams of personnel, equipment, and materials on several projects simultaneously, rigorously
following best practices to ensure quality performance and on-time delivery.

EDUCATION

MBA in Global Business Leadership
Johnson & Wales University - Providence, RI
2007

Villanova University - Villanova, PA
2006

BS in Electrical & Environmental
Johnson & Wales University - Providence, RI

2005

MS in Systems Engineering
Worcester Polytechnic Institute - Worcester, MA

SKILLS

MS Office, Project, Excel, Airmagnet Survey Tool Set

