Cameron Macgregor

Engineer I - BAE Systems

Pennsville, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Cameron-Macgregor/010cfb9377496304

Results-driven,  highly  motivated  individual  seeking  a  career  in  engineering  with  a  dynamic  organization
that  provides  opportunity  for  professional  growth.  Mission  focused  team  player  with  well-developed  time
management skills and strong ability to manage diverse workforce teams in challenging environments. Proven
leader in diverse and challenging environments.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Engineer I
BAE Systems  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - September 2013 to Present

Lead engineer on various projects for the AEGIS Combat System
o Organize and schedule other engineers and test events to ensure tests are done properly and on time
o Run test events and implement data collection plans to ensure Quality Assurance and Quality Control
o Deliver formal reports and presentations to the clients
o Mentor and train lower level engineers in laboratory procedures and daily work functions

Engineer Systems Test 1
Northrop Grumman  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - May 2012 to September 2013

Design  test  scenarios,  write  test  procedures,  generate  and  execute  test  plans,  perform  data  analysis  and
system performance assessments, and create test reports for the evaluation of The AEGIS CG-47, DDG-51,
and FMS Class Combat Systems.
o Conducted Quality Control and Quality Assurance on the AEGIS Combat System
o Review/research AEGIS Combat System computer program specifications
o Data collection supervisor on various weapon systems
o Prepared detailed and technically accurate test procedures, data collection and analysis plans in support
of test objectives.
o Wrote programming code to do legality checks on test procedures
o Created macros in Visual Basic to perform automated functions in both Microsoft Word and Excel

Chemical Equipment Repair Specialist, Section Leader
United States Army  -  Fort Sill, OK - 2000 to 2004

Maintained and accounted for over $1 million worth of vehicles and equipment
• Responsible for the proper handling, storage, and disposal of hazardous waste material while serving in Iraq
and Korea
• Supervised workforce

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering
Rowan University - Glassboro, NJ
2010

Associates in Mathematics and Science
Salem County College

2006

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Conducted  Quality  Assurance  and  Quality  Control  tests  on  various  weapon  systems  to  ensure  they  met
their  designed  specifications.  Wrote  test  procedures  and  preformed  data  analysis  to  ensure  testing  was
both accurate and precise. Trained other employees in the correct process for Data Collection. Operated all
submodes in the AEGIS Combat System. Wrote programming code to do legality checks to test procedures
and to automatically pull information to deliverable reports. Performed research on various clinical projects, at
Rowan University, which incorporated economic analysis, Tier I and Tier II environmental analysis, process
control, quality assurance, and green engineering into university sponsored engineering projects. Served four
honorable years in the United States Army maintaining and repairing chemical equipment, disposing of and
storing hazardous waste materials, controlling inventory of the battalion's vehicles and equipment, and leading
lower enlisted soldiers.

