Charles Barragan

Mechanical Engineer

Hatfield, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Charles-Barragan/26a5bdcc3b291e96

Seeking  a  challenging  position  in  mechanical  engineering  that  will  draw  on  my  solid  mechanical  skills,
considerable experience interacting with customers and vendors, my broad knowledge of sealing, machining
methods, materials and my educational background.

Summary:

• Strong communication skills developed in dealing with varied customers from widely different industries either
applying a product or solving technical problems. 
• Extensive knowledge of sealing technologies. Including the ability to design new seals for a given purpose.
Something  more  possible  now  that  seals  are  more  commonly  machined  rather  than  just  molded.  Strong
research skills identifying options to solve problems in design projects.
• Able to work on projects individually or in collaboration with others. Proficient using MS Office and AutoCAD.
Presently set up to learn Solid Works. Comfortable with travel to vendor or customer and one on one contact.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Mechanical Engineer
Clayton H. Landis Company -Engineering Department  -  Souderton, PA - June 2001 to December 2006

Handled design projects at three Nucor Steel plants.
• Designed and altered machinery to meet the customer's needs and desire for increased plant capacity &
ability to process new product.
• Heavily involved in the refurbishment of equipment now used at Nucor's CASTRIP.
• Developed proposal drawings, top level assembly drawings, detail drawings, and Bill of Materials.
• Checked the work of draftspersons used to help complete larger projects in a timely fashion.
• Used my knowledge of sealing to further the quality of Nucor's in house hydraulic cylinders, troubleshoot
failed cylinders, and implemented changes to increase cylinder functional life.
• Asked to make trips to vendors to access their abilities and later design with their strengths in mind. For
example:  Coil  car  cylinders  were  changed  to  friction  welded  rods  to  increase  their  physical  strength  and
dimensional repeatability. The vendor involved had perfected this ability manufacturing cylinders for Caterpillar.

Consulting Mechanical Engineer
J. Lyons & Associates  -  Hatfield, PA - July 1999 to June 2001

Involved  with  projects  at  several  well  known  companies  in  this  area.  For  instance  DuPont,  Merck,  Rorer,
Castrol, ATO Chemical, etc. Much of this was from contacts established prior to August 1996.

Engineering Manager
Pelmor Laboratories Inc  -  Newtown, PA - October 1998 to July 1999

Rehired by Pelmor to a higher position managing the engineering department and plant.

Mechanical Engineer
Eisenhower Tool Inc  -  Quakertown, PA - August 1996 to October 1998

Involved in automation, machine design, customer communications, on site servicing, and troubleshooting.
Working  with  various  local  companies  in  the  electronics,  manufacturing,  and  the  automotive  after  market
industries. Cadkey was used for design and documentation.

Product Engineer
Pelmor Laboratories Inc  -  Newtown, PA - May 1992 to June 1996

Responsible for overseeing Pelmor's rubber molded products, assisting customers with problems and new
design,  quoting  on  more  complicated  parts,  addressing  vendor  related  problems  in  metallic  and  plastic
components,  and  implementing  appropriate  manufacturing  processes  to  enhance  part  quality.  The  basic
function of a Product/Applications Engineer.

Senior Mechanical Engineer
Sonobond Ultrasonics  -  West Chester, PA - January 1988 to August 1990

Oversaw  electronic  engineers,  drafts  people,  and  electronic  technicians.  Had  direct  involvement  in  the
purchase  of  capital  equipment.  Designed  an  ultrasonic  ring  welder  used  for  making  automotive  air  bag
detonators.  By  changing  how  it  was  controlled  the  handheld  welder  used  to  weld  shut  copper  tube  was
made repeatable enough to allow marketing across the US and Canada. This effort allowed sales to firms
like Whirlpool, Subzero, Carrier, & Heil Involved with ultrasonic wire splicing at Electrowire for Ford Motor
Company.

Project Engineer
American Olean Tile Company  -  Lansdale, PA - 1983 to 1987

Designed  and  supervised  the  making  of  several  complex  dies  for  plants  in  Lansdale  PA,  and  Olean
NY.  Typically  these  exotic  tool  steel  dies  required  seven  different  machining  disciplines  (including  wire  &
conventional edm work) and were the first computer aided designs for AOT using a program capable of flipping
a 3D part in two planes. Set-up a water recycling facility including a pump station, pipe line, and chlorinator.
Assisting in the supervising the startup of a major expansion project known as FASTFIRE where state of the
art equipment from Europe was applied. Supervised a 22 man newly refurbished machine shop involved in
complex corporate work. Supervised a number of different crews involved in crafts such as woodworking,
metal fabrication, production mechanics, and electronics.

Applications Engineer
Greene Tweed & Company - 1982 to 1983

Assisted  customers  through  phone  contact  and  in  writing,  regarding  the  application  of  existing  seals,
troubleshooting of old, and development of new seals and concepts. These customers ranged from the users
of predeveloped industrial equipment to those designing their own sophisticated equipment for use on aircraft,
military, and unusual applications of all kinds worldwide. Helped develop production equipment for several
purposes involving induction heating, press operations, automation, etc.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
Clarkson University - Potsdam, NY
May 1978

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Passed EIT exam
• Present Member of AIST

