Christopher Kelleher

Sr. Software Engineer - Health Information Designs

West Chester, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Christopher-Kelleher/fcf0959f05036c9d

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. Software Engineer
Health Information Designs  -  Auburn, AL - July 2014 to Present

Auburn, AL 7/2014 - Present
Pharmacy services company that provides clinical expertise to improve the clinical and economic value of
health care at the earliest point in the continuum of care.
Sr. Software Engineer
Developer working on customized web-based Progress application.
• Fixed web page load times, some that took minutes to load to under a second, by enhancing the Blue
Diamond framework to parse parameters only once and cache the resulting values.
• Setup WebSpeed and made some minor changes to the existing SpeedScript HTML pages to further improve
the application performance and scalability.
• Designed several prototypes for new frameworks to modernize the application front end, and to separate
front- end display from the back end database access and business logic. Front end designed with HTML5 and
popular JavaScript frameworks such as Bootstrap and JQuery. Front end server designed using Node.js.
Middleware prototypes designed with Node4Progress to run AppServer programs, and using the Progress
REST
Adaptor on the AppServer.

Software Engineer
Quicken Loans  -  Detroit, MI - September 2013 to June 2014

Detroit, MI 9/2013 - 6/2014
Largest online retail mortgage lender and the second largest overall retail lender in the United States. Employ
over 10,000
team members.
Software Engineer
Developer working on customized Lakewood Loan Origination System. Worked on various projects to ensure
compliance with federal and state regulations.
• Created framework to support new functionality to support requirements for Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and
Consumer Protection Act mortgage rules for ability to repay and qualified mortgages.
• Worked with Mortgage Industry Standard Maintenance Organization (MISMO) format and implemented
enhancements for data exchange between systems.
• Developed a real time interface between the enterprise loan origination system, written in Progress ABL,
and a
.NET web service for regulatory calculations.

IT Software Development Manager
Sedgwick  -  Memphis, TN - February 2009 to August 2013

Memphis, TN 2/2009 - 8/2013
Leading  North  American  provider  of  innovative,  technology-enabled  claims  and  productivity  management
solutions.

Employ over 10,000 colleagues.
IT Software Development Manager
Development  manager  for  newly  developed  application,  a  multi-purpose  data  warehouse  and  online
transaction
processing system, running on an Oracle database, utilizing PL/SQL for business logic and .NET for a web-
based front- end. System enabled compiling claim data from various sources, data entry and validation of data
elements, and
reporting applicable claims data to the government.
• Successfully met goal to enable complete compliance with Mandatory Insurer Reporting requirements for
liability, no fault and worker's compensation insurance required under Section 111 of the Medicare, Medicaid
and SCHIP Extension Act of 2007 (MMSEA).
• Created and maintained complex data models for the application and data warehouse using ER/Studio.
• Designed complex XML Schemas using Altova XMLSpy to define interfaces between several internal as well
as external clients' claims systems and the application.
• Developed a real time interface between the enterprise claim system, written in Progress ABL, and a .NET
web
service utilizing SOAP.

Consultant
Iron Mountain  -  Collegeville, PA - July 2007 to February 2009

Collegeville, PA 7/2007 - 2/2009
Leading provider of storage and information management services. NYSE: IRM
Consultant
Developer and data analyst that utilized Progress ABL to simultaneously undertook and completed large-scale
data
projects accurately and meet deadlines, often involving millions of records and large facets of a customer's
records
management process.
• Analyzed data and understanding what the data represents functionally to customers and the records
management business and recommended solutions to customers based on analysis.
• Followed and established new processes and procedures to minimize risk and ensure data integrity.

Consultant
Great Valley Technologies  -  Malvern, PA - February 2006 to July 2007

Malvern, PA 2/2006 - 7/2007
Provider of medical provider practice management software and electronic medical records.
Consultant
Developer working on medical provider practice management software written in Progress ABL.
• Added several new features to the software, including an enhancement that allowed scanning, viewing and
printing of documents directly from within the application.

Lead Developer
Reliance Standard Life Insurance Company  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2002 to February 2006

Philadelphia, PA 9/2002 - 2/2006
Leading insurance carrier specializing in innovative and flexible employee benefits solutions including disability
income and group term life insurance.
Lead Developer
Lead developer on Policy Administration and Claims Systems software project, a GUI based Progress ABL
application

that utilizes the Progress AppServer, Oracle DataServer and an Oracle database backend.
• Mentored and guided a development staff consisting of several experienced Progress developers and other
developers just learning Progress.
• Able to debug and fix complex problems, including being able to increase performance on the policy rating
calculations from an average of 3 minutes under 20 seconds using a combination of Oracle database tuning
and SQL query tuning.
• Developed several complex interfaces to Calligo for batch and online document generation, and to FileNet
for document archiving, imaging and retrieval.

Consultant
Fast 4GL Systems  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 1995 to September 2002

Various assignments completed for clients including:

• Sterling Medical Services, a McKesson Corporation Company. Worked on custom medical products order
management system written in Progress.
• Independence Blue Cross. Worked on custom prior authorization software written in Progress.
• Ethicon, a Johnson & Johnson Company. Worked under FDA guidelines on MFG/PRO software.
• Ohmeda, a GE Healthcare Company. Worked under FDA guidelines on MFG/PRO software.
• Foxwoods Casinos. Worked on IGT (International Game Technology) software written in Progress.
• Lucent Technologies. Worked on MFG/PRO software written in Progress.
• Prudential Insurance. Worked on Infosys McCamish Variable Product Administrative System (VPAS) annuity
software written in Progress.
•  The  Rotorex  Company,  a  division  of  Fedders  North  America.  Worked  on  MFG/PRO  software  written  in
Progress.
• Royal Doulton. Worked on WDS Distribution Software written in Progress.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Progress OpenEdge ABL 4GL and WebSpeed SpeedScript with Character, Web and
Development Graphical User Interfaces • SQL • Oracle PL/SQL • Objective-C • Cocoa Touch • HTML •
Languages JavaScript • XML • XSD • SOAP • Unix Shell Scripting

Development Progress AppBuilder • Progress Developer Studio OpenEdge • Eclipse • xCode • AppCode
Tools • WebStorm • Oracle SQL Developer • Quest Toad

Database Progress RDMS & Progress DataServers • Oracle • MySQL • PostgreSQL • SQLite
Systems

Data Modeling Embarcadero ER/Studio • CA Erwin Data Modeler • Sybase PowerDesigner • Altova XMLSpy

Database OpenEdge Management • Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) • Quest Spotlight on Oracle
Administration

Operating Windows client & server • Unix • Linux (RHEL, CentOS)
Systems

