Daniel Torre

Quantitative Ecology & Biogeochemistry Research Assistant - University of Delaware,
CEOE

Medford, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Daniel-Torre/dfd18ac5e21ba0cd

WORK EXPERIENCE

Quantitative Ecology & Biogeochemistry Research Assistant
University of Delaware, CEOE  -  Lewes, DE - June 2014 to Present

June 2014 - Present
• Thesis: Groundwater-borne nutrients structuring phytoplankton community structure increasing HAB events
• Coordinated interdisciplinary teams in field and lab projects and supervised progress.
• Managed large volumes of data and provided statistical expertise to complete technical reports.

Sea Grant - May 2016 to May 2016

Professional Development Award, University of Delaware Oct. 2015

Western Virginia Water Authority's Carvin's Cove Plant  -  Roanoke, VA - 2014 to 2016

Coastal and Estuarine Research Federation - November 2015 to November 2015

Water Treatment Technician
New Jersey DEP Bureau of Marine Fisheries  -  Port Republic, NJ - August 2013 to May 2014

Technician
Interdisciplinary Science and Engineering Program at Virginia Tech  -  Blacksburg, VA - May 2013 to
September 2013

Research Assistant
- May 2012 to September 2013

• Coordinated engineers and scientists in field efforts to study floodplain hydrology.
• Developed cost-efficient system of probes to investigate surface water parameters.
• Led continuous monitoring effort in experimental flooding of agricultural floodplain.
SELECTED AWARDS & PRESENTATIONS

Virginia Tech Undergraduate Research Symposium
Torre, D.M., D. Scott, N. Jones  -  Blacksburg, VA - May 2013 to May 2013

Interdisciplinary Science and Engineering Research Grant, Virginia Tech - May 2012 to May 2012

• Residential Leadership Community Award, Virginia Tech Aug. 2010
• Torre, D.M., J. York Coyne, K., Kroeger K., (In Progress) Groundwater-borne nutrients structuring
phytoplankton community structure increasing HAB events.
• Torre, D.M., York, J., Coyne, K., Kroeger K., (Nov. 2015) Phytoplankton community structure response to
groundwater borne nutrients. Coastal and Estuarine Research Federation, Portland, OR.

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Marine Science

University of Delaware - Lewes, DE
June 2014 to May 2016

Bachelor of Sciences in Environmental Science
Virginia Polytechnical Institute - Blacksburg, VA
August 2010 to May 2014

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

RELEVANT SKILLS
• Technical report writing(including publications, and SOP), data management, data analysis, statistics
• Programming languages: Perl, Python, R
• Program proficiencies: Microsoft Office, Arc GIS, Primer v7, Permanova+, Peakscanner, Loggernet, Connect,
MODFLOW,
Genemapper, Peakscanner, Flow cytometry Software, CAD 2D and 3D modeling
•  Molecular/Biological  techniques:  DNA  extraction/purification,  PCR,  qPCR,  TR-FLP,  gel  electrophoresis,
bioinformatics,
aseptic techniques, culturing, bacterial assays, microscopy, flow cytometry, HPLC, GC/MS, spectrophotometry
& fluorometry, routine instrument maintenance
• Chemical techniques: nutrient analysis, isotopic analysis, routine instrument maintenance
• Field skills: Surface & groundwater sampling/hydrologic studies, submarine groundwater discharge, storm
sampling,
experimental flooding, mesocosm experiments, wetland delineation, population surveys (fish/phytoplankton)

