Haddon Judson

Change Coordinator, Root Cause Analyst, Systems Analyst

Spring House, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Haddon-Judson/c4e3f49fd007a90e

WORK EXPERIENCE

Technical Consultant, Trainer
Dow Chemical / Rohm Haas Unit - September 2010 to Present

Change Coordinator Applications: (Please see for Change Coordinator Functionality)
Setup  and  configured  System  Center  Configuration  Manager  (SCCM)  for  Microsoft's  Partner  client.
Configuration included setting up remote control and patch management for the IT department. Writing the
procedures for operating systems deployment and software distribution. Setup network access protection and
hardware and software inventory.

Job Functions:
Technical consultant for Windows migration from both Vista and XP to Window 7. WIN-7 migration included
but not limited to:
Instructing new and current Vista and XP users for navigating through Win-7
Instructing current Vista and XP users the differences' in using Vista and XP and Win-7
Resolving any issues and problems that occur that former Vista and XP users notice
Moving files to temporary storage
Replacing files to WIN-7 folders from Vista and XP folders
Saving personnel and global settings
Replacing saved setting to the appropriate WIN-7 folders and files
New WIN-7 installation
Setup personnel and global setting for new OS installations
Installing appropriate applications for the Win-7 OS

Technical Consultant, Project Developer, Research Engineer
AeroTek  -  Chesterbrook, PA - April 2007 to September 2010

Change Coordinator Applications: (Please see for Change Coordinator Functionality)
Development of rule based systems.
Designing rules sets to detect invalid types of behavior.

Job Functions:
Data Mining, statistical analysis.
Researching new implementation of techniques.
Developed classifiers using feature extraction and feature selection techniques.
Root Cause Analysis (RCA)

Chief of Production and Manufacturing, Plant and Production Manager,
SA Zurich  -  Zürich, ZH - January 2006 to March 2007

Switzerland - Zurich January, 2006 - March, 2007
Chief of Production and Manufacturing, Plant and Production Manager, Project Specialist - Systems Engineer
Manufacturing management; JIT, Manufacturing operations

Change Coordinator Applications: (Please see for Change Coordinator Functionality)

Developed quality assurance procedures and profiles
Developed quality control procedures and processes

Job Functions:
Quality assurance analysis
Quality control analysis
Developed "G-Code" coding for CNC and other computer operated/driven manufacturing equipment.
Was liaison for the client's needs and the technical aspects of ERP/MRP.
Root Cause Analysis (RCA)

Applications / Visibar Developer, ERP Analyst, Project Specialist - Systems Engineer
Heraeus, Inc  -  West Conshohocken, PA - November 2000 to December 2005

West Conshohocken PA November, 2000 - December, 2005
Applications / Visibar Developer, ERP Analyst, Project Specialist - Systems Engineer
Project manager; Continuous improvement; Cycle time reduction; Cost reduction

Change Coordinator Applications: (Please see for Change Coordinator Functionality)
Developed "Lean Manufacturing" process for product labeling and label generation
Visibar and Visiwatch (Peoplesoft) integration with FourthShift (Softbrands) ERP/MRP software
Heraeus had a "Manual System" for order processing, manufacturing of products for the order, ordering parts
and materials from suppliers applicable to the order (purchasing), accounting, shipping instructions and label
generation and all paper work necessary for the order automatically sent the appropriate departments. The
paperwork included BOL, invoices, documentation to accounting, internal labels and all paperwork for export.

My function as a change coordination was to design and implement a fully integrated system using ERP and
Lean manufacturing processes. The software was from Peoplesoft and Fourthshift software, mainly, and other
software houses.

The order process followed this frame work: (This was / is all accomplished by the IT system setup for the
process) The process was automated to reduce human error and mismanagement.

Order received and entered into the system (If new customer, a new customer ID was generated and entered
into the system) by customer service.
An invoice was generated. Copies went the warehouse, shipping and receiving, purchasing, manufacturing
and accounting.
The  warehouse  would  pull  the  parts  and  materials  required  for  the  order  fulfillment.  The  pulled  parts  and
materials would be sent to the proper manufacturing workstations. If parts and materials were not on hand,
warehouse would advise purchasing to order the required items for the order.

Manufacturing would assemble the order and send to shipping. If parts and material were not on hand to
complete the order. Manufacturing would advise customer service to inform the customer of the delay.

Shipping would receive the complete or incomplete order and prepare order for shipping. When the order was
actually shipped. Shipping would inform customer service who would then inform the customer.

The  whole  process  is  automated  so  that  customer  service  does  not  actually  contact  the  warehouse,  the
warehouse purchasing, purchasing to manufacturing, etc. When customer service enters the order into the
system, the system automatically sends an email to the various business units advising of the order. At the
same time all labels, paperwork, etc are generating and send to the appropriate printers and labels printers.

The only time there would be any direct communication between the business units would be the failure of a
printer, email not received or anything not in the system, that the system would not be able to handle.

The system was setup as a "sandlot" process to input all customer data, accounting data, warehouse part
numbers, internal part numbers, etc. When the data input was completed, the new system was run parallel
to the old manual system. All failures were corrected and adjustments made to the new system. When I felt
confident that the system was finished, I advise accounting and the upper administration that we were ready
to go live. Accounting and upper admin did their testing. When they were satisfied that the system was ready
to roll out. I was given the go ahead to proceed. There were small glitches that were corrected along the way.

Heraeus Job Functions:
Applications development
Kaizen
Lean manufacturing
Product quality
TQM
Kanban
Applications and Visibar development
ERP analyst for in house processes
Production and process design for Lean Manufacturing
Hardware and software design
ERP, MRP I and MRP II systems developer.
Root Cause Analysis (RCA)

Systems Engineer
Contract Work  -  King of Prussia, PA - January 1999 to November 2000

King Of Prussia, PA area January 1999 - November 2000
Web  development  and  Programming  functions,  Applications  Development  and  Verification  Officer,  Project
Specialist - Systems Engineer

Verification Officer, Systems Engineer, Research Engineer
NovaCare, Inc  -  King of Prussia, PA - April 1994 to January 1999

Change Coordinator Applications: (Please see for Change Coordinator Functionality)
Designed and implemented customer service focused applications and systems for employment verification
for 50,000+ employees.

Job Functions:
Call center design and implementation
Quality improvement; Process improvement
Trained staff members in the use of call center scripts and procedures

Chief Operating Officer
Judson Res. & Mfg. Co  -  Conshohocken, PA - May 1986 to February 1994

Conshohocken PA May 1986 - February 1994
Company closed U.S. operations in 1994 and, moved overseas in 1995.
Chief Operating Officer

Change Coordinator Applications: (Please see for Change Coordinator Functionality)

Judson manufactured a multi-shaft synchronizer. Shaft synchronizers coordinate the positions and speed of
various equipment shafts. The original instrument was an analog device and was analog driven.
The commercial name was "Judson Engine Synchronizer"
The  instrument  was  used  for  naval  and  military  usage,  i.e.  multiple  boat  screw  shafts,  multiple  aircraft
screws(propellers). Non-military usage was for commercial and private boats, knitting equipment, weaving
looms, wire looms. And any machinery that required multiple synchronized shafting.

The first phase was to determine the exact analog process to understand how the system functioned.
Then separate the individual components and systems by their function(s).
Each component and system was then described in both actual and in abstract form.
All documentation for the new digital model was generated. This phase included mechanical and electronic
schematics, BOMs', assignment of duties and responsibilities to the various departments and personnel.

The required prototypes were assembled and put through a series of actual real world procedures. Both non-
destructive testing and destructive testing.

The testing phase required mounting on boats, test aircraft, testing looms and environmental testing.
When  the  new  digital  model  met  and  exceded  Mil-Spec  and  commercial  specifications.  The  digital  model
replaced  the  analog  model  in  the  market  place.  Product  was  sold  to  the  Guest  Corp.  (Now  part  of  http://
www.marinco.com/)

Job Functions:
As COO of Judson Res. & Mfg. Co. I had direct control and was responsible for the four divisions of Judson
Res. & Mfg. Co.: basic research, product research, new products research and the manufacturing division.
Administrative and technical leader for new product development. Directed the work of fifteen managers.
Description: Planned, directed and coordinated the operations of Judson Res. & Mfg. Co., A privately held
company. Locations: Conshohocken, PA and Oakland, CA
Duties and responsibilities included formulating policies, managing daily operations, and planning the use of
materials and human resources
Tasks: Direct and coordinate activities of businesses or departments concerned with the production, pricing,
sales, or distribution of products
Manufacturing management
Manufacturing operations
Cycle time reduction; Cost reduction
Quality improvement
Manage staff and specify duties
Root Cause Analysis (RCA)

Change Coordinator Applications
Judson Res. & Mfg. Co  -  Conshohocken, PA - January 1975 to May 1986

Conshohocken PA January 1975 - May, 1986
Plant Locations: Conshohocken, PA and Emeryville/Oakland, CA

Change Coordinator Applications: (Please see for Change Coordinator Functionality)
Designed manufacturing processes and flow
Active in the design of production equipment for the manufacturing lines.
Developed quality assurance procedures and profiles
Developed quality control procedures and processes

Job Functions:
Director of Technologies and Research
General Manager
Plant and Production Manager
Plant manager; Continuous improvement; Cycle time reduction; Cost reduction
Kaizen; Lean manufacturing; Product quality; TQM; Kanban
Manufacturing supervisor; Quality improvement; Process improvement. Scrap reduction.
Developed quality assurance procedures and profiles
Developed quality control procedures and processes
Quality assurance analysis
Quality control analysis
Recommend locations for new facilities or oversee the remodeling of current facilities.
Participated in new product development.
Designed manufacturing processes and flow systems
Designed  and  implemented  sales  campaigns  and  marketing  strategies  new  product  research,  design  and
production

Career Profile and Summary Sections
Because of my background, I have honed my attention to detail, time management and organization, all of
which are necessary for the change coordinator position. In addition, I enjoy working with others as a team
member, and I have the ability to think on my feet. My interpersonal skills translate into the ability to collaborate
with all staff members and divisions within the organization. I am able to maintain my composure in difficult
situations and always look for a resolution where all parties have a sense of fair treatment and resolution.

Business Applications Trainer
Business Consultant
Business Process Design
Business Process Review
Business Rational For Change
Business Risk Analysis
Call Center And Helpdesk Design And Implementation
Change Coordinator Applications
Computer Hardware And Software Design
Controlling Change
Debt Collections
Designed  And  Implemented  Customer  Service  Focused  Applications  And  Systems  For  Employment
Verification For 50,000+ Employees (Novacare)
Developed Quality Control Procedures And Processes
Developed Quality Assurance Procedures And Profiles
Ensuring Compliance
Helpdesk And Customer Service Script Design And Implementation
Implementation Of A Change Management Process
Implementation Of System Center Configuration Manager
Integration Of Ms Access To Db2/3 To Odbc
Lotus Notes Design
Managing Change
Microsoft Office Back-End
New Business Development
New Product Research, Design And Production

Office And Management Supervisor, Overview
Project(S) Review
Quality Assurance Analysis
Quality Control Analysis
Quality Improvement; Process Improvement
Review Expected Benefits And Risks Inherent With Business Change Requests
Review All Aspects Of Operating Conditions For Safety Hazards And Violations
Review All Safety Procedures, Personell And Company Wide, To Determine Whether Any Aspect In Regards
To  Personal,  Staff  Members,  Machinery  And  Physical  Plant  Comply  With  All  Local,  State  And  Federal
Regulations And Dictated Procedures
Root Cause Analysis (Rca)
Upgrading Of Safety Training And Implementation Of New Procedure, Techniques And Rules

Current Win7 OS Skill Set
Technical consultant for Windows migration from both Vista and XP to Window 7. WIN-7 migration included
but not limited to:
Instructing new and current Vista and XP users for navigating through Win-7.
Instructing current Vista and XP users on the differences' in using Vista and XP and Win-7.
Resolving any issues and problems that occur when new users and former Vista and XP users are using Win-7.
Moving files to temporary storage.
Replacing files to WIN-7 folders from Vista and XP folders.
Saving personnel and global settings.
Replacing saved setting to the appropriate WIN-7 folders and files.
New WIN-7 installation.
Setup personnel and global setting for new OS installations.
Setup automated batch files for migration from Vista and XP to WIN-7.
Scanning for viruses and Trojans.
Installing appropriate applications for the Win-7 OS.
Setting network parameters.
Setting network connections and associations.
Setting file and application associations.

EDUCATION

Villanova Univ - Villanova, PA
January 2005 to January 2007

Master's in Physics
UC Berkeley - Santa Cruz, CA
January 1973 to January 1975

Physics
MIT UC Berkeley - Berkeley, CA
September 1971 to January 1973

UC Berkeley - Berkeley, CA
January 1968 to May 1969

Bachelor's
UC Berkeley

Villanova Univ

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Engineering Skills

A strong grasp of mechanical-engineering fundamentals such as statics, dynamics, components, and electrical
engineering. A strong background in electro-mechanical, optics, manufacturing chemistry, electronic circuitry,
electronic and mechanical integration
Ability to understand design requirements and constraints, think conceptually, and know the appropriate use
of  CAD,  abstract  modeling,  engineering  spreadsheets,  and  FE  models  needed  to  solve  problems.  Good
structural-engineering skills and the ability to conceptualize load paths, construct free-body diagrams, use
integrated analysis tools, and have experience with optimization techniques. Capacity to analyze and construct
mechanisms, as well as familiarity with fabrications, machining, welding, and other manufacturing methods.
Ability to work in and with a team, conduct effective design reviews, and interface with management, suppliers,
customers, and internal quality, manufacturing, and purchasing

Developed quality assurance procedures and profiles
Developed quality control procedures and processes
Quality assurance analysis
Quality control analysis
Prototype design, from bench/table top through pilot stage to full production
3D prototype design
Production design for "Lean Manufacturing"
ERP, MRP I and MRP II systems developer
Production, electronic systems engineer
Production, electro-mechanical systems engineer
Production, mechanical systems engineer
Digital and analog circuit design
Computer hardware and software design

