Ham Diaz

Looking for an opportunity in Prototyping and R & D

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ham-Diaz/0b750b2d8b6748ca

I am looking for an opportunity in a newly formed or currently established company where I can bring new
ideas to life, including but not limited to: automated machines, programmable drones (possible military use)
or aftermarket car/racing vehicles/products.

I have a background in Manufacturing Engineering, Design Engineering and Metal Fabrication. Plus, I am
currently  studying  electrical  engineering.  I  have  good  management  skills  and  the  know  how  for  seeing  a
project through from beginning to end. I have been designing for over 20 years using AutoCAD and eventually,
Solidworks. I am a level 3 CNC Programmer with everything from 2.5 to 5 axis experience. I specialize in
research and development, but have experience in efficient, high number production. Basically, I'm able to
take jobs from a sketch or idea all the way to a finished product.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Shop supervisor/Manufacturing Engineer
Creative Precision (company closed)  -  Linwood, PA - 2010 to August 2014

- Specialized in the programming and engineering of complex parts for Boeing helicopters.
- Continuous process improvement.
- Introduced new techniques to improve Lean manufacturing
- Managed the shop floor.

Manufacturing Engineer
Northrop Grumman (satellite division)  -  Redondo Beach, CA - July 2007 to March 2010

- Blue print reading and programming.
- Utilized the latest in CNC tooling.
- Fixture design
- Set-up and operated CNC machines to manufacture parts.

Manufacturing Engineer
Haas Automation  -  Oxnard, CA - November 2006 to June 2007

- Full production of CNC Machines
- Responsible for process improvement where I not only updated existing operations, but provide new
manufacturing solutions.
- Responsible for product improvement of parts on 10 very large CNC workstations that ran 24/7
- Utilized the latest in CNC tooling.

Shop owner, Manufacturing Engineer
DiCam  -  El Paso, TX - January 1998 to July 2006

- Owned and managed a manufacturing business that produced highly complex parts in a matter of
minutes.
- Focus on R&D with a quick turn around.
- The shop specialized in jobs of about 100 to 500 parts a month.

- Full production of CNC Machines and manual machines.

Design Engineer/fabricator/Race car driver
Fox Motorsports  -  El Paso, TX - January 1993 to December 1998

-Worked on a two car race team where I designed, built, and drove one
of two race cars.
-Organized and help manage the race team.

Racetrack manager
Hal's hobby shop  -  El Paso, TX - January 1987 to January 1992

-Hired to design, build, maintain and manage three race tracks owned by this hobby shop.
- Organized weekly race events
- Race director for the race day events

EDUCATION

- Fascination of Mechanical Design, specifically to race car design, at a very young age. -
Began machining at the age of 15 - Graduated High School: Agape Christian Academy in
1990. - Designed, machined and fabricated hundreds of components by the age of 18. -
Hired by University of Texas in El Paso (UTEP) as a tutor for 14 top engineering students
in 1997 in race car design Engineering. - Familiar and well experienced with most of
the major CAD and CAM packages such as Autocad, SolidWorks and MasterCam. in
mechanical and design engineering
University of Texas in El Paso - El Paso, TX
1990

SKILLS

Follows established policies and procedures, performs professional manufacturing engineering assignments
requiring full use and application of standard manufacturing principles, theories, concepts and techniques. -
Conception and planning of resources to support hardware requirements. - Facilities processes and tooling
incident to the fabrication and assembly of high technology components. - Theoretical and experimental
investigation to provide the most efficient manufacturing methods. - Technical direction and coordination
using advanced but efficient lean manufacturing techniques. - The analysis, evaluation, and solution of
technical problems encountered in the application of manufacturing methods. - Responsible for maintaining
the design of released products with the goal of continuously improving quality, customer satisfaction,
efficiency of production and cost effectiveness. - Analyzes engineering drawings and support documentation
for application to project requirements and producibility. - Provides imaginative, thorough, and practical
solutions to a wide range of technical problems involving conventional utilization of manufacturing
engineering techniques. - Participates in development process to insure manufacturability, quality, and cost
effectiveness of new products. - Evaluates and selects appropriate manufacturing processes and suppliers.
- Leads effort to establish in-house assembly & test procedures. - Investigates problems which arise in-
house and at suppliers during the fabrication, assembly, and test of instruments and develops, evaluates,
and implements solutions.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills:

I'm a man of many talents and prefer not to hold myself to one particular job title. I let my qualifications speak
for themselves and try to find work that will best utilize one or more of my skills. I have good management
skills and the know how for seeing a project through from beginning to end.

Here is an example of job descriptions that fit me best:

1. CNC programmer and machinist
I have programming skills from 3 axis to 5 axis CNCs. Also, complex machines such as the Mazak 250ms,
twin spindle, a multi-task turning center with milling and turning operations. I can do short runs or set up to do
large long runs with efficient fixturing. I specialize in prototype work, especially in the automotive, aerospace
parts and fixturings for aerospace and parts for the medical industry. I also have several years of conventional
machine experience.

2. Mechanical Design
I have experience in simple projects as well as very complex projects. I have the ability to think quickly and
work on a time schedule that best serves the company or customers that I'm working for. As an example of
some of the more complex project I have worked with, I have worked in race car design and development,
aerospace parts and fixtures for aerospace and parts for the medical industry.

3. Metal Fabricator/mold and pattern maker
I work in metal fabrication from a drawing to complete product, including sheet metal fabrication and carbon
fiber lay-up. I have made molds as large as 12 feet long. In that particular case it was a body for a formula type
race car and I used dense polyurethane foam to sculpt the shape I needed. I can shape by hand or with CNC.

