Jeffrey Wilson

Software QA Automation Engineer - […]

Morrisville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jeffrey-Wilson/8cfdc70048d794f3

Willing to relocate: Anywhere

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software QA Engineer
SENSUS  -  Morrisville, NC - January 2014 to Present

SENSUS provides hardware and software solutions for electric, gas, and water utilities. Hardware includes
electric,  water,  and  gas  meters.  Software  solutions  allow  the  utilities  to  receive  meter  reads  and  perform
demand resets and other actions remotely.

● Developed test support of all software functionality for water and gas meters. Inherited a test base of over
400 tests for the legacy UI and automated over 300 of them in 4 months.

● Developed test support for customer billing using CMEP reports (California Metering Exchange Protocol).
Automated over 200 test cases in 2 months.

● Setup a "mini-lab" consisting of 25 water meters and 25 gas meters producing actual reads to allow for a
realistic environment for test verification and control.

●  Organized  and  lead  the  automation  effort  to  translate  over  1,000  Selenium  IDE  automated  tests  of  the
Device Manager UI into the Selenium WebDriver framework, so these could be run on Jenkins servers.

● Automated over the air (OTA) testing for new products (ally, ESAAP meters, and temperature/pressure
sensors) using Device Manager. This included selecting test meters on the fly using DB queries, manipulating
the  UI  with  Selenium  commands  to  search  for  and  call  various  actions  using  drop  down  menus.  Finally,
command parameters were verified in outgoing message files and results verified through DB queries and
UI history.

● Provided training for colleagues in water and gas meter radio communication techniques using proprietary
tools and software.

● Lead the multi-year QA effort for the new water meter (ally) which involved hardware, firmware, and software
testing. Frequently demonstrated the complete solution to both internal and external customer.

● Implemented automation of previously verified defects to eliminate manual re-testing.

● Automated over 250 alarm tests cases, which replay captured alarm messages then verify the data in the
DB, UI, and CMEP alarm report.

●  Automated  direct  to  meter  testing  for  ESAAP  meters  which  writes  .json  files  using  input  parameters,
subsequently calls a .jar to process those files, and finally interprets the results which are written back to .json
files.

● Automated comprehensive UI sanity testing involving more than 750 tests which are used to quickly validate
new builds.

● Development team award winner for Technical Skill and Initiative for the months of April, 2014, April, 2015,
and November 2015.

● Technologies/Methodologies used include: Java, SQLServer and Oracle Databases, XML, Agile (SCRUM),
SVN, Eclipse, Putty, WinSCP, Jenkins, TestTrack Pro, Selenium WebDriver, Salesforce

Consultant
SENSUS  -  Uberaba, MG - August 2011 to December 2013

Supported  the  "Device  Manager"  project.  This  project  re-wrote/re-designed  the  legacy  SENSUS  web
application.

●  Implemented  over  the  air  (OTA)  commands,  which  are  sent  to  the  meters  via  an  RF  network.  These
commands  include  demand  reset,  demand  response,  sending  text  messages,  and  managing  alarms.  The
workings for each command previously existed within the SENSUS radio network interface (RNI), and Device
Manager called methods on that API using JAXB and listened for asynchronous responses on JMS queues.

● Frequently tested all OTA commands since this was the main functionality of the application. This entailed
debugging through each command being sent and verifying that correct parameters were sent to the RNI.
Verified receipt of synchronous/asynchronous responses to ensure that Device Manager correctly processed,
stored and displayed the returned information.

● Within an Agile framework and 3 week sprint cycle, did general coding, diagnosing problems and bug fixing.
Handled building ISOs using Jenkins and deploying on development machines.

● Participated in daily stand-ups with SCRUM teams including members from 5 locations in North and South
America.

● Consulted with product owners and marketing in sprint planning sessions and sprint reviews.

● Communicated design decisions to the development team through prototyping and interactive question and
answer Google docs with subject matter experts.

●  Worked  on-site  at  customer  locations  in  North  America  as  part  of  installation/deployment  of  production
systems.

● Technologies/Methodologies used include: Java 7, SQL, XML, UML, Agile (SCRUM), Version One, JUnit,
SVN, JMS, Spring, iBatis, Eclipse, Ant, Maven, Tomcat, Putty, WinSCP, Jenkins, TestTrack Pro

Software AG Backend Java Developer
Berlin - 2003 to 2011

July 1999 - July 2003
Berlin, Germany

AIDOS  developed  a  knowledge  management  software  targeted  at  large  multi-national  corporations.  This
software would receive millions of documents as input and then connect the contained information. Effective
searching was facilitated through an intuitive GUI based representation of that knowledge.

● Supported the "KAI| Box" project. This project was the proprietary knowledge management software.

● As part of a development team, implemented the search functionality using Apache Lucene.

● Worked in teams to write specifications for modules, then coded and tested those modules.

● Diagnosed problems and fixed bugs.

● Provided on-site installation and customer support for the application in production.

● Technologies/Methodologies used include: Java, EJB, XML, HTML, UML, SQL, CVS, JUnit, Apache Lucene

EDUCATION

American Sentinel University - Aurora, CO
1999 to 2001

Humanities/Business
Milligan College - Johnson City, TN
1990 to 1993

