Joan Higgins

Project Administrative Assistant - Jacobs Engineering Group

Oaklyn, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joan-Higgins/e037be09c18a6329

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Administrative Assistant
Jacobs Engineering Group  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - February 2012 to Present

Project Administration for various clients in Petroleum and Chemicals with administrative aspects of project
management  that  requires  to  exercise  independent  judgment  in  support  of  senior  management,  project
and  engineering  staff.  Provide  administrative  and  clerical  support  including  correspondence,  typing,  and
filing on multiple projects. Good judgment, discretion, and confidentiality of sensitive information regarding
department activities and confidential materials. Other duties include creating spreadsheets, Word documents,
and  PowerPoint  presentations.  Meeting  planning  and  follow-up  including  preparation  of  agendas,  meeting
reports, and coordinating the logistics of ordering meals and setting up and breaking down conference room
before and after meetings. Facilitating calendar and email correspondence to ensure key deliverables and
deadlines  are  met.  Managing  multiple  and  often  maintaining  conflicting  assignments/priorities,  in  a  fast-
paced and demanding environment within tight deadlines. Strong Microsoft Office skills with an emphasis on
Outlook Calendar, Word, Excel and PowerPoint. Other inclusive duties are scanning drawings and documents
on  as  needed  basis;  sets  up  and  maintains  files;  cover  for  receptionist.  Coordinate  with  IT  and  Database
Administrator in setting up new employees personal computers, and necessary supplies that are required or
needed; during onboarding. Coordinate with Document Control personnel to get documents posted into JPI
for lead disciplines; and back up other administrative assistants when needed.

Administrative Support
Kelly Services-Campbell Sales Company  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - May 2010 to November 2010

Worked collaboratively with Finance Team and Customer Business Managers to identify, process and clear
deductions; track open items, aged deductions and resolve all other errors with applicable documentation from
various software systems.

Senior Administrative Assistant
Lockheed Martin Technology Services  -  Moorestown, NJ - September 1998 to August 2008

Generated and maintained Ship Integration &Test Aegis program data requirements and included: received,
assembled,  collated,  distributed  and  scanned  program  information  (Government  and  Proprietary)  for  a
number of sub-department managers and members of the engineering staff; Entered Government Furnished
Information  (GFI)  drawings  into  the  Integrated  Data  Environment  Database  (IDE);  retrieved  drawings  for
engineers or office personnel when directed; Maintained database to track status of Technical Data Packages;
supported  off-site  engineering  personnel  with  documentation  necessary  to  meet  ship  Post  Shakedown
Availability (PSA) work schedules and customer requirements; and Received, verified, entered and uploaded
engineering data into Share Point system.

Administrative Assistant
Martin Marietta  -  Moorestown, NJ - March 1989 to April 1998

Prepared slides, charts and graphs using word processing, spreadsheet, database and presentation software
on  a  weekly,  daily  and  monthly  basis  for  Engineering  and  Management  presentations;  Maintained  office

stationery database, including managing all stationery activity and expenses; tracked and maintained a strict
budget on all supplies used which saved the company money; Maintained, updated and managed shop order
(charge number) books for manager; Verified, updated and maintained files on several program management
related databases and performed routine daily administrative tasks.

Secretary
Sun Electric Corporation  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - July 1988 to March 1989

Greeted customers; Answered telephones; Typing; Filing; Ordered supplies; Figured bills; and Data Entry.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration
St. Leo University

Associate of Applied Science in Management
Camden County College

Secretarial and Word Processing Certificates
Camden County College

Diploma
Haddon Township Junior and Senior High School - Westmont, NJ

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Utilized and proficient in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access), Jacobs Project Information System
(JPI), Adobe Acrobat, Outlook, Lotus Notes, Share Point, MS Project, Milestones, Netscape, Internet Explorer,
Alpha 4, Supercalc5, and Word Perfect

