John Smith

Hatboro, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/John-Smith/bf22f42ce8ce934a

Willing to relocate
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Inventor, Software Architect, Designer and Developer
99eggs, Inc  -  Hatboro, PA - April 2014 to Present

I launched this company as an Internet technology development company, with the intention of developing
several ideas I had been accumulating over time. I have produced several proof-of-concept projects, plus a
more complete, beta-test level system for Internet-based multi-track music recording to enable crowd-sourcing
music production.

Unfortunately, I have not yet turned my technical achievements into a successful business, but fortunately my
costs are low enough and development is far enough along that I can keep it going with very little additional
time or money, and am seeking employment.

I plan to use the site as a portfolio of not just my approach to software development and adaptability to new
challenges, but of skills and talents not demonstrated by other previous employment, especially in the area
of visual design.

R&D:
Research on 3D photography, digital 3D cameras, and 3D viewing devices/techniques.

Devices:
Invention 1: Created an inexpensive stereoscope for use with tablet computers
Invention 2: Created a stereoscopic attachment to act as a 3D viewer for creating inexpensive do-it-yourself
3D video cameras from 2 digital cameras.

Web Application:
Online Music Workshop: Designed/Developed a multi-track, multi-media, multi-device, online music crowd-
sourcing system. A functional test version is available for use at:
http://www.99eggs.com/OMW/omwstart.php

Software Engineer and Development Team Lead
Kulicke & Soffa Industries Inc  -  Fort Washington, PA - October 1999 to November 2013

System  software  engineer  for  the  development  of  5  product  lines:  Triton  wedge/ribbon  bonder,  ATX2
ballbonder, Ulta/Elite ballbonder, ATX3 ballbonder, and The Premier bump bonder
(wedge bonders, ballbonders, and bump bonders are high-precision industrial robots used in the manufacturing
of semiconductors)

Areas of Responsibility:
Software  Requirements/Design:  Synthesized  requests,  requirements,  and  specifications  from  mechanical,
electrical, and process engineering, the subsystem software specialists, and marketing/sales representatives,
to develop system software requirements and specifications.

Development (Specific Areas of Design/Development): System initialization, data storage, calibrations, system
configuration, power control

Development Team Lead: Led development teams with members in the US, Singapore, China, and India.
Responsibilities included creating design specifications, assigning, training, and managing.

System Integration: Working in the lab with the hardware, software, and process engineers to integrate new
features and components, I was responsible for identifying and determining requirements for any additional
features and modifications identified during system and process testing.

Product  definition/configuration:  With  product  lines  supporting  many  different  mechanical  and  electrical
options, I was responsible for features that properly configure machines ensuring only the correct software
and parameters are used. With these machines, wrong parameters or code can cause damage to the machine
or the customer's materials, or even injuries.
Misc. Accomplishments:
Various cost-saving features created through the creative alternate uses of existing system components and
subsystems. One example: an alternate system installation and data collection/storage scheme that allowed
for the removal of an expensive high capacity hard drive.

Recognized for my ability to solve hard-to-diagnose problems that result from interactions within systems, such
as low-frequency timing problems.

EDUCATION

BS in Mathematics
DeSales University

LINKS

http://www.99eggs.com

http://www.99eggs.com/OMW/omwstart.php

PATENTS

Calibration Apparatus For Bondhead of Wire Bonding Machine (#US 7,624,904 B1)
December 2009
The device is a calibration gauge for the pivot bondhead of the K&S ballbonders. The gauge enables the use
of the bondhead camera to detect the point of perpendicularity, which is the optimal position for wire bonding.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Additional Areas of Expertise:

Extensive experience in all aspects of digital audio and video production and processing
Experience with digital 3D photography/video production and processing

Areas of Personal Study/Interest:

Considerable  study  and  analysis  of  Virtual  Reality  concepts,  and  the  state  of  the  art  in  VR  hardware  and
methodologies

Lifelong personal/professional study of the engineering of Artificial Intelligence.

