Joseph Passon

Design Engineer

Audubon, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joseph-Passon/9ed75304bc862e59

Possess highly creative and analytical abilities with capacity to generate innovative ideas. Extensive combined
experience  in  plastics  tooling,  consumer  product  development,  and  art  using  3D  computer  support,  and
leveraging strong interpersonal and communication skills. Experience in managing projects, products, and
individuals. Skilled in office management, problem solving, creative thinking, and customer relations. Strive
to  cut  costs  when  creating  or  reversing  engineering  products  and  capable  to  effectively  work  within  tight
schedules. Functional both individually or as a team player and works well with others of all disciplines. Strong
mechanical aptitude proven by multiple inventions and successes. Excellent work ethics and very reliable.
Exceptional hands on 3D model making skills. Ability to design for metal and plastics.

Proficient in Microsoft software, (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, FrontPage, Adobe Software, Corel Software, Pro
Engineer, Uni-Graphics, Solid Works, Master Cam, Cad Key, Auto Cad, Solid Edge, Alias, Mud Box, 3D Studio,
Rhino, CATIA, and Multi DNC

WORK EXPERIENCE

Design Engineer
Ginsey Home Solutions  -  Swedesboro, NJ - 2012 to 2013

Design  Engineer  of  home  products  representing  many  renowned  licenses  such  as  the  ASPCA,  Disney,
Nickelodeon,  Procter  &  Gamble,  Rubbermaid,  Sesame  Street,  Springs  Industries,  and  Warner  Brothers.
Quality Inspector responsible for performing line and good inspections for product compliance.
• CAD Illustrations using Solid Works 2013,
• Achieved a patentable design after 3 months in position. Patent -Shower Storage Caddy (#61803321).

CAD Designer
Aerotek  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - 2012 to 2012

Assigned to Dyna-tech Systems, to design state of the art water treatment systems.
•Using Solid Edge to create the 3D models and output the CAD information to Purchasing, Q.C., the Fabrication
Shop, Bills of Materials, and Strength Studies.
•Assisted in laying out Piping and Instrument Diagrams using AutoCad.

QC / Design Engineer
Sea Gull Lighting  -  Riverside, NJ - 2005 to 2012

•Utilize my extensive experience in CAD/CAM/CAE applications, 3D Modeling, research and development,
testing and problem-solving to produce quality and cost effective products.
•Assisted Tech Department in problem resolution of customer complaints, which included working with building
inspectors, electrical contractors, and architects.
•Quality Inspector responsible for performing line and good inspections for product compliance.
•Management of two quality inspectors in New Jersey and one draftsman in China.
•Superior creative abilities with exceptional capacity to generate innovative ideas. 
•Great team player and creative problem solver.
•Outstanding mechanical aptitude proven by multiple inventions and successes. 
•Excellent work ethics and very reliable in producing significant results.
•Responsible for managing and implementing Replacement Parts.

Contractor - 3D Design
Self Employed - 2004 to 2004

Engineer / Model Maker
Mattel Toys Inc  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - 1997 to 2003

Coordinated all aspects of assigned products, (fit, function, and packaging) between the U.S. and Hong Kong.
• Tracked products and submitted weekly reports to upper management, Design department and the Packaging
department.
• Became versatile in Pro Engineer and other CAD programs, trained and supported other employees resulting
in an increase production within the department.
• Handled and resolved multiple problems and developed CAD designs for the Model shop that lead to my
transfer from the Engineering Department to the Model Shop in May 1999 to further benefit the company.
• Improved CAD quality by developing methods to measure standards, success and competence of fellow
engineers and engineering standards.
• Advised on best practices on CAD design and introduced parametric modeling methodologies.
• Created 3D models with Pro Engineer and transferred the models into Uni-Graphics to produce tooling paths
for machining from plastic stock.
• Set up, repaired, and installed software for Pro-Trax milling machines and wax printers.
• Provided assistance in determining new software and hardware for the Model Shop.

Product Engineer
TYCO Toys Inc  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - 1991 to 1997

Developed products and mold layouts.
• Inspected first shots of plastic parts and forwarded comments to Hong Kong engineers.
• Released plastic parts to the next process once they passed inspection.
• Resolved issues and worked out solutions first hand to fixed malfunctioning toys.
• Created Excel data base of products and information there to, that generated a printed list.

Mold Designer
Neotech Innovations Inc  -  Woodbury Heights, NJ - 1989 to 1991

As Sole Proprietor of this corporation, over saw all aspects of the business.
• Product design of both small and large plastic parts.
• Responsible for the layout of injection molds using Cad Key and AutoCAD software.

Tool Designer
De Marco Design Service  -  Haddonfield, NJ - 1986 to 1989

Through an apprenticeship, learned the technology of injection molds, blow molding, jigs, fixtures, and dies.
• Product development.

Designer
Trade Images  -  Bellmawr, NJ - 1984 to 1986

Drafted out the trade show displays for the mill shop to fabricate.
• Ordered all necessary materials for the displays.

EDUCATION

Citone Institute
2003

Mold, Tool, and Die Apprenticeship
De Marco Design - Haddonfield, NJ
1986 to 1989

A.A.S. in Arts and Sciences
Gloucester County College
1985

Working towards acheiving Bachelor of Science in Applied Science and Technology
BSAST degree in Mechanical Engineering Technology, in Mechanical Engineering
Thomas Edison - Trenton, NJ

SKILLS

Solidworks 3D modeling, Pro Engineer, Auto Cad, Solid Edge, Mircosoft Products, Adobe products,
Illustration, Animation, Basic Architectural Layouts, Project Management, Product Management

LINKS

http://www.behance.net/josephrpasson

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

I am not a 9:00 am to 5:00 pm worker. In my last role with Ginsey Home Solutions, I often worked in the
evenings communicating with the China vendors. Often I would Skype and email as early as 3:00 am our time
just to communicate directly with certain vendors. Many times I would sit down in front of my computer and
continue to design products and solve issues over the weekend just to meet or beat deadlines. 

While employed with Sea Gull Lighting, I became responsible for the redesign of their trade show display. On
my own initiative I also created drawing layouts to show the location of all the lighting and fan fixtures, including
the chain lengths if the chandeliers to the hired help on the show location. This in turn saved a few days of
assembly and took out the confusion of the hired help. 

I do not run out of energy regarding my projects nor do I give up when faced with challenges. I will produce
positive results. In my third month at Ginsey Home Solutions, I designed a shower organizer that Ginsey Home
Solutions applied for a patent on. Patent -Shower Storage Caddy […]

