Joy Pilborough

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joy-Pilborough/94e201541900d1c3

Willing to relocate to: New York, NY - Philadelphia, PA
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Design Consultant
Jockey International  -  New York, NY - February 2016 to Present

• Design women’s intimates and shapewear based on a seasonal merchandising plan
• Initiate and drive the creation of the product from concept to creation
• Research and set color/trend concepts
• Develop innovative fabrics and trims
• Perform market analysis to identify opportunities for newness
• Interact daily with product development, technical design, and materials teams to ensure timely development
of samples
• Attend all fittings of prototype samples to ensure fit and brand consistency across product categories
• Communicate extensively with partners overseas

Design Consultant
Ann Taylor, ANN INC.  -  New York, NY - September 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
• Design women’s knit and woven athleisure sportswear 
• Flat sketch all garments; create design boards (using Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator)
• Prepare measurement specifications and production details for factories
• Coordinate meetings with Sales and Production Departments to determine cost-efficient garments
• Manage the sample calendar; source raw materials and trims
• Coordinate and participate in photoshoots
• Present each collection to upper management and merchants

Skills Used
Adobe Creative Suite

Design Consultant
Shape Activewear  -  New York, NY - April 2015 to June 2015

Responsibilities
Freelance Designer SHAPE ACTIVEWEAR
April 2015- June 2015
• Designed women’s activewear with innovative features
• Coordinated meetings with Sales and Production Departments to determine cost-efficient garments
• Create tech packs for all styles, including: technical call-out page, initial spec, BOM, and sewing instructions
• Lead fittings and correspond comments/corrections to overseas factory 
• Communicated daily with factories overseas about status of samples
• Created original graphics and prints

Skills Used

Adobe Illustrator, Microsoft Office- Word, Excel, Outlook

Design Consultant
Garan, Inc.  -  New York, NY - 2014 to 2015

Responsibilities
• Designed women’s athleisure with innovative features
• Coordinated meetings with Sales and Production Departments to determine cost-efficient garments
• Create tech packs for all styles, including: technical call-out page, initial spec, BOM, and sewing instructions
• Lead fittings and correspond comments/corrections to overseas factory 
• Communicated daily with factories overseas about status of samples
• Created original graphics and prints

Skills Used
Adobe Illustrator & Photoshop, Web PLM

Design Director - Contemporary Intimates, Swim & Hosiery
J.C. Penney - 2013 to 2014

Design  loungewear  and  intimates  for  J.C.  Penney's  top-selling  private  label  brands,  Flirtitude  and
Cosmopolitan with an emphasis on comfort, aesthetics and quality.
♦ Lead a talented team of design professionals in the delivery of original, innovative product concepts and
designs for St. John's Bay Swim, Arizona Swim, and JCP Hosiery while ensuring products maintain the brand
identity and meet the line plan and business strategy.
♦ Effectively provide design vision, planning, seasonal trend direction, and tactical leadership to achieve a
successful product strategy and merchandise objectives.
♦ Continually analyze and identify white space opportunities to drive/grow the business in both existing and
new product categories.
♦ Travel throughout Europe and Asia for trend, raw material and market research; tour manufacturing facilities;
attend trade shows; identify emerging themes and gather new inspiration.
♦ Collaborate with marketing on the development of product packaging, (including brand/label, hangtags,
etc.); review samples and counter samples with designers.
♦ Conduct competitive research and analysis, shop various retailers to study new merchandise and trends,
i.e. evaluate new materials, silhouettes, treatments, and colors.
♦ Execute seasonal concept/color/theme into product development plan within calendar deadlines; ensure
product development milestones and seasonal calendar due dates are met.

Design Director - Loungewear, Intimates
Delta Galil  -  New York, NY - 2012 to 2013

Translated style guides and trends; designed loungewear and intimates for iconic licensed brands including
Tommy Hilfiger, Kenneth Cole Reaction and Kenneth Cole New York.
♦  Interfaced  with  licensees  as  the  brand  ambassador;  researched,  organized  and  presented  inspiration
boards, trend overviews, color palettes and design concepts for each brand.
♦  Oversaw  product  packaging  and  marketing;  developed  merchandising  plan  in  collaboration  with
merchandising, sales, production and technical design to ensure commercial viability.
♦ Managed, monitored and ensured design team's adherence to time and action calendar.
♦ Evaluated prototypes and provided concise feedback to Technical Design on how to adjust garments.
♦  Managed  communication  with  overseas  sample  facilities;  ensured  accurate,  cost  effective  sample
execution.
♦ Merchandised and presented the line to account representatives and senior management during Market
Week.

Design Director - Intimates, Loungewear
Q-T - 2010 to 2012

Frederick's of Hollywood, Cato, La Leche League International)
♦ Designed bras, corsets, and lingerie for Frederick's of Hollywood.
♦ Developed missy and plus size bras and intimate apparel for Cato stores.
♦ Created maternity/nursing bras and sleepwear for La Leche League International.
♦ Devised seasonal color palettes and translate aesthetic direction of brands.
♦ Flat sketched all silhouettes with technical call-outs.
♦ Directed fittings and check measurement specifications.
♦  Communicated  daily  with  overseas  factories  regarding  technical  details;  traveled  to  China  to  oversee
execution of production and to source new fabric, trims, and technology.
♦ Traveled domestically to present to Frederick's of Hollywood and Cato buyers.

Design Consultant
Macy's, Inc - 2009 to 2010

Studied international and domestic fashion trends to forecast color, print and silhouette direction for Charter
Club Intimates. Collaborated with the associate designer and graphic designers to create trend boards.
♦ Developed Fall 2010 Holiday collections based on line plans and costing parameters.
♦ Reviewed designs with team members and revise according to feedback from merchandisers.

Design Director - Lingerie, Shapewear
Muse Creative Group - 2009 to 2009

Designed all tiers of lingerie and shapewear for the brand, "Sliminizer, " as featured in Oprah Magazine.
♦ Developed creative original artwork for embellishment, embroidery and fabric manipulations; determined
cost-efficient garments.
♦  Developed  allover  prints  and  placed  prints/graphics;  handled  all  aspects  of  Technical  design:  directed
fittings, created technical sketches and tech packs.

Senior Designer - Lingerie, Loungewear (Macy's
Komar - 2004 to 2009

Bloomingdales, Lord & Taylor; J.C. Penney, TJ Maxx, and Marshalls)
♦  Directed  a  talented  design  team;  designed  Women's  and  Junior's  lingerie  and  loungewear  for  Macy's,
Bloomingdales and Lord & Taylor.
♦ Designed private label sleepwear for J.C. Penney, TJ Maxx, and Marshalls stores.

Additional Career Success

Designer
The Cayre Group, LTD - 2003 to 2004

Designed junior's licensed sleepwear for Target and Walmart

Assistant Designer
NAP, Inc.  -  New York, NY - 2002 to 2003

Responsibilities
Designed intimate apparel for Victoria's Secret and Frederick's of Hollywood

EDUCATION

Associate in Applied Science (AAS) in Fashion Design

Parsons School of Design - New York, NY

Bachelor of Arts in English
Rutgers University - Camden, NJ

SKILLS

Trend Presentations, Color Direction, Flat sketching, Creating Design Boards using Illustrator and
Photoshop, Analyzing Business Opportunities, Streamlining Design Process, Saving Sample Costs

