Kaju chhilka

Sr Firewall Engineer - Department of Veteran Affairs

Camden, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kaju-chhilka/de6c164307d264d2

➢  7  years  of  IT  experience  in  design,  development,  implementation,  troubleshooting  and  maintenance  of
complex Network & Security devices, Network Security, Linux Kernel Programming.
➢ Expertise in network protocols, Firewalls and Communication Network design.
➢ Experience with Troubleshooting tools for example protocol analyzers, load generators & network traces
➢ Working knowledge of frame relay, MPLS services, OSPF, BGP and EIGRP routing protocols, NATing, sub-
netting, also including DNS, WINS, LDAP, DHCP, http, HTML, HTTPS, TCP/IP, UDP, SNMP, OSPF, RIP,
IPSEC, PPTP, VLAN, STP (Spanning tree Protocol), RTSP & Multicasting protocols
➢ Corporate trainer for certification like CCNA, CCNP, Hardware & Networking.
➢ Designing, Implementing and Troubleshooting Cisco 3750, 3550, 3560, 2924, 6509-V-E, 6513, 6504, 6503,
6506, 6500 series switches
➢ Experience with design and implementation of Virtual Switching System (VSS)
➢  Implementing  3750  Stackable  switches  using  Cisco  Stack  Wise  technology.  Experience  to  review  and
evaluate current and future design issues as required maintaining network integrity, efficient data flow.
➢ In-depth knowledge of Linux Kernel Programming (Module Programming)
➢ Good domain knowledge in Linux source code 2.6x & Shell scripting
➢ Network security including NAT/PAT, ACL, VPN Concentrator.
➢ Well Experienced in configuring protocols HSRP, GLBP, VRRP, ICMP, IGMP, PPP, HDLC, PAP, CHAP,
and SNMP.
➢ In-depth Cisco technology experience/knowledge in design, implementation, administration and support.
➢ Experience in installing, configuring and troubleshooting of Checkpoint Firewall and Juniper SSG series.
➢ Experience in adding Rules and Monitoring Checkpoint Firewall traffic through Smart Dashboard and Smart
View Tracker applications.
➢  Strong  hands  on  experience  in  installing,  configuring  ,  and  troubleshooting  of  Cisco  7600,  7200,  3800,
3600, 2800, 2600, 2500 and 1800 series Routers, Cisco Catalyst 6500, 4500, 3750, 2950 and 3500XL series
switches.
➢ Advanced knowledge of OSI model, TCP/IP, Internet technologies, system security, firewall infrastructure,
network architecture and Cisco network routing / switching (Layer 2 and 3) experience, including LAN and
WAN, design and implementation which includes Layer 1 to Layer 7 experience
➢ Designing, Implementing and Troubleshooting Cisco Routers […] using Static, RIP, IGRP, OSPF, EIGRP
& experience with Checkpoint, Cisco PIX & ASA devices
➢ Well experienced in configuring gateway redundancy protocols like HSRP, GLBP, PPP and SNMP.
➢ Juniper: […] EX-4500, MX-480, M Series, SRX210, SRX240
➢ Strong Hands on experience in installing, configuring and troubleshooting of Cisco […] 7200, 3800, 3600,
2800,  2600,  2500  and  1800  series  Routers,  Cisco  Catalyst  6500,  4500,  3750,  2950  and  3500XL  series
switches.
➢ Worked on Load Balancer F5 LTM, GTM series like 6400, 6800, 8800 for the corporate applications and
their availability
➢ Network Security - Anomaly Detection in Attack Prevention System, Network and Host IPS/IDS, Cisco PIX
firewall, Vulnerability scanning, Penetration testing, Buffer Overflows, Cross Site Scripting,
➢  Security  consultant  for  Bombay  Stock  Exchange,  India  and  Kotak  Securities  Pvt.  Ltd  and  many  more,
involving web application testing, Penetration testing, Session Management
Willing to relocate: Anywhere

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr Firewall Engineer
Department of Veteran Affairs  -  Ann Arbor, MI - December 2014 to Present

Responsibilities:
➢ Experience with converting 6500 to Cisco Nexus in the data center environment.
➢ Responsible for Cisco ASA firewall administration across our global networks
➢ Support customer with the configuration and maintenance of PIX and ASA firewall systems
➢ Assist with various duties that will arise including: implementation, configuration, management,
➢ Designing and Implementation of (LAN) VLANs, VTP, Spanning Tree (STP), Trunking (dot1q and ISL) and
Ether channel.
➢ Experience with upgrading SUP1 to SUP2 on cisco Nexus 7000 Series Experience working with Nexus
7010, 5020, 2148, 2248 devices
➢ Experience with setting up MPLS Layer 3 VPN cloud in data center and also working with BGP WAN towards
customer
➢ Experience with configuring Virtual Server and Configuring Load balancing methods in F5 LTM
➢ Responsible for Cisco ASA firewall administration across our global networks
➢ Experience configuring Virtual Device Context in Nexus 7010
➢ Configuring IPSEC VPN on SRX series firewalls
➢ Experience with Firewall Administration, Rule Analysis, Rule Modification
➢ Experience writing Linux shell scripts
➢ Managing cabled LAN and wireless access, with switching technologies and wireless technologies
➢ Troubleshooting and monitored routing protocols such RIP, OSPF, EIGRP & BGP.
➢ Configuring RIP, OSPF and Static routing on Juniper M and MX series Routers
➢ Configuring VLAN, Spanning tree, VSTP, SNMP on EX series switches
➢ Installation and Configuration of Cisco Catalyst switches 6500, 3750 & 3550 series and configured routing
protocol OSPF, EIGRP, BGP with Access Control lists implemented as per Network Design Document and
followed the change process as per IT policy It also includes the configuration of port channel between core
switches and server distribution switches
➢ Experience with moving data center from one location to another location, from 6500 based data center to
Nexus based data center
➢ Experience with convert PIX rules over to the Cisco ASA solution.
➢ Experience with communicating with different with different customers, IT teams in gathering the details
for the project
➢ Experience working with Cisco IOS-XR on the ASR9000 devices for MPLS deployments in data center.
➢  Configured  and  designed  LAN  networks  with  Access  layer  switches  such  as  Cisco  4510,  4948,  4507
switches.
➢ Design OSPF Areas for reliable Access Distribution and for Core IP Routing.
➢ Configuration and Troubleshooting of Outlook Express and MS Outlook.
➢ Responsible for Configuring SITE_TO_SITE VPN on Cisco ASA 5500 series firewall between Head office
and Branch office
➢ Experience working with Nexus 7010, 5020, 2148, 2248 devices
➢ Experience with configuring Nexus 2000 Fabric Extender (FEX) which acts as a remote line card (module)
for the Nexus 5000
➢  Experience  working  with  Cisco  Nexus  2148  Fabric  Extender  and  Nexus  7010  5000  series  to  provide  a
Flexible Access Solution for a datacenter access architecture
➢ Deployed a large-scale HSRP solution to improve the uptime of collocation customers, in the event a core
router became unreachable.
➢ Designed, validated and implemented LAN, WLAN & WAN solution to suite client's needs.

➢ Provided technical support to cloud computing customers.
➢ Provided Load Balancing towards access layer from core layer using F5 Network Load Balancers.
➢ Implemented TCP/IP and related services like DHCP/DNS/WINS.
➢ Load balanced the HTTP traffic by installing the Cisco CSS 11000
➢ Configured and troubleshooting of HSRP on Cisco routers.
➢ Installation and configuration of Active Directory in Windows server2003/2008
➢ Active Directory user's management and planning for Authoritative and non-authoritative restore.
➢  Responsible  for  turning  up  BGP  peering  and  customer  sessions,  as  well  as  debugging  BGP  routing
problems.
➢ Implemented SNMP on Cisco routes to allow for network management.

Sr. Firewall/ Network Engineer
Xerox  -  Woodbridge, NJ - May 2013 to November 2014

Responsibilities:
➢  Responsible  for  turning  up  BGP  peering  and  customer  sessions,  as  well  as  debugging  BGP  routing
problems.
➢ Perform root cause analysis on the problems coming across Project execution
➢ Maintained a BGP/MPLS infrastructure
➢ Experience with configuring Virtual Server and Configuring Load balancing methods in F5 LTM
➢ Experience with Firewall Administration, Rule Analysis, Rule Modification
➢ FABRIC PATH in nexus
➢ Enabled STP attack mitigation (BPDU Guard, Root Guard), using MD5 authentication for VTP, disabling all
unused ports and putting them in unused VLAN and ensuring DHCP attack prevention where needed
➢ Experience in configuring vdc, fex pinning, fex port-channel, port-channel, peer keep alive, peer link.
➢ Experience in working and designing configurations for vPC, vPC domian, vpc peer-gateway, vPC peer-
switch, auto-discovery, and vPC single sided, vPC double sided, NX-OS, VFR, Otv, fabric path.
➢ Configuration of Voice FX0 ports on the routers for SRST (Survivable Remote Site Telephony) and SRST
testing after carrier numbers are ported over.
➢ Experience with Cisco Call manager.
➢ Implemented upgraded firewall platform built on Checkpoint Firewall Technologies.

➢ Design and implementation of GET VPN architecture used for multicast and unicast communication on an
existing IP VPN.
➢ Decommission serial T3 circuits and replace with MPLS circuits. MPLS clouds were provided by carriers
ATT, Verizon or Level 3.
➢ WAN Pilot project to convert branch from dual T1 circuits to iWAN only broadband circuit. To Enable Internet
WAN connectivity for the Lab in Hauppauge. Test and turn-up IWAN link and disable the 2 existing T1 circuits,
running branch on IWAN only. After testing was completed site will be placed back on either dual TDM circuits
or TDM with IWAN backup circuit.
➢  Experience  Branch  Relocation:  Connect  workstation,  servers,  etc.  Rack  and  stack  Pre-configured  new
hardware and connect the circuits. Work with Carrier to test and turn-up circuits.
➢ Experience in design and implementation of new branch/New Campus test and turn up.
➢ Implementing & Troubleshooting of T1, MUXES and CSU/DSU and data circuits.
➢ Experience on designing and troubleshooting of complex BGP and OSPF routing problems,
➢ Involved in configuring IP Quality of service (QoS)
➢  Worked  on  Layer  2  protocols  such  as  STP,  VTP,  STP,  RSTP,  PVSTP+,  MST  and  other  VLAN
troubleshooting issues and configuring switches from scratch and deployment
➢ Involved in designing and implementing QOS and policy map to 2800 series routers for all the branches
➢ Experience with migrating the Partner IPSEC VPN tunnels from one data center to another data center.

➢ Experience with deploying the Layer 3 MPLS VPN in all the Branches and Campus locations.
➢ Replace Campus Cisco 6509 End of Life hardware with new 4507/4510 devices.
➢ IOS upgrade in Nexus 7010 through ISSU (In service software upgrade)
➢ Provided redundancy in a multi-homed Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) network by tuning AS-path.
➢ Experience in working with Nexus 7010, 5548, 5020, 2148, 2248 devices.
➢ Worked extensively in Configuring, Monitoring and Troubleshooting Cisco's ASA 5500/PIX
➢ Involved in the redistribution into OSPF on the core ASA firewall.
➢ Security appliance, Failover, DMZ zoning, &Configuring VLANs/routing/NATing with the firewalls as per the
design
➢ Designed and configured the commands for QoS and Access Lists for Nexus 7K and 5K.
➢ Conversions to BGP WAN routing. Which will be to convert WAN routing from OSPF to BGP (OSPF is used
for local routing only) which involves new wan links.
➢ Manage and provide guidance to junior members of the team.
➢ Experience with configuring Nexus 2000 Fabric Extender (FEX) which acts as a remote line card (module)
for the Nexus 5000
➢ Implementing and Maintaining Network Management tools (OPAS, Solar Winds, Cisco Works)
➢ Involved in the modification and removal (wherever necessary) of BGP from the MPLS routers.
➢ Configuring IPSEC VPN (Site-Site to Remote Access) on SRX series firewalls.
➢ Responsible for Checkpoint firewall management and operations across our global networks.
➢ Working with Checkpoint Support for resolving escalated issues.
➢ Replace branch hardware with new 2851 routers and 2960 switches.
➢ Designed, validated and implemented LAN, WLAN & WAN solution to suite client's needs.
➢  Configured  and  designed  LAN  networks  with  Access  layer  switches  such  as  Cisco  4510,  4948,  4507
switches.
➢ Experience with Project documentation tools & implementing and maintaining network monitoring systems
and experience with developing network design documentation and presentations using VISIO

Network Engineer
AMRIPRISEFINIACIAL  -  Minneapolis, MN - December 2011 to April 2013

Responsibilities:
➢ Maintain and track the status of device supplied to the client.
➢ Coordinating with JTAC for faulty part replacement and configuring standby device to support customer
with minimal downtime.
➢ Implemented Juniper firewall & switches for various clients like AT&T, Qualcomm and SunTrust Bank as
assigned.
➢ Installation & Maintenance of Juniper switches, routers & firewalls for Tata Consultancy Services onsite as
per contract.
➢ Implemented various EX, SRX & J series Juniper devices.
➢ Installed controller and light weight access point coordination with JTAC.
➢ Maintenance and trouble-shooting of LAN, WAN, IP Routing, Multi-Layer Switching.
➢ Performing onsite data center support including monitoring electrical power, switch alarms, network alerts
and access logs.
➢ Installation and trouble-shooting of routing protocols like static and dynamic.
➢ Implemented site to site VPN in Juniper SRX as per customer.
➢ Developing access lists to meet user specifications.
➢ Supporting core layer, distribution layer and access layer issues.
➢  Tracking  and  installation  of  requirements  &  development  by  working  with  client  and  related  teams  to
implement changes.
➢ Preparing weekly reports and follow- up with clients.

➢ Update data related to network configuration, setup and implementation of Juniper Topology.
➢ Coordinate with Project Managers, sales and call center (customer service) to deliver best quality of service
to the customer.
➢ Configuring RIP, OSPF and Static routing on Juniper M and MX series Routers
➢ Configuring VLAN, Spanning tree, VSTP, SNMP on EX series switches
➢ Experience with deploying Fabric Path using Nexus 7000 Devices
➢ Experience with configuring OTV between the data centers as a layer 2 extension.
➢ Experience with configuring FCOE using Cisco Nexus 5548.
➢ Implemented cluster and configuration of SRX-100 Juniper firewall.
➢ Implemented cluster and configuration of SRX-110 Juniper firewall.
➢ Installed Trapeze-MX 2800 wireless controller and light weight access points.
➢ Working with MPLS Designs from the PE to CE.
➢ Experience with designing and deployment of MPLS Traffic Engineering
➢ Involved in design and implementation of Data Center Migration, worked on implementation strategies for
the expansion of the MPLS VPN networks
➢ Design and deployment of MPLS QOS, MPLS Multicasting per company standards.
➢ Managing health check of Network devices this is involves upgrading IOS on every quarter after checking
the vulnerability of IOS and reviewing the configuration
➢ Implemented Virtual chassis of EXseries Juniper switches as per client requirement.

Sr. Network Design Engineer
Aderis Pharmaceuticals - July 2009 to November 2011

Responsibilities:
➢ Involved in configuring IP Quality of service (QoS)
➢ Experienced in WAN environments, installing and troubleshooting data circuit problems (MPLS, T1)
➢ Involved in designing and applying QOS and policy map to 2800 series routers for all the branches
➢ Involved in designing GRE tunnels for encryption of data flow from source to destination
➢ Hands on experience with Cisco 3500, 3750, 4500, 6500 series equipment and configuring and deploying
and fixing them with various modules like Gig card, VPN SPA card, WIC card.
➢  Applying  crypto  maps  and  security  keys  for  the  branches,  ISAKMP  (Internet  security  association  key
management protocol) for establishing Security associations (SA) cryptographic keys.
➢ Experience with Project documentation tools & implementing and maintaining network monitoring systems
(Cisco  works  &  Net  info,  Info  man  Virtual  Change)  and  experience  with  developing  network  design
documentation and presentations using VISIO
➢ Understanding & Implementation of IPSEC & GRE tunnels in VPN technology
➢ Involved in designing L2VPN services and VPN-IPSEC authentication & encryption system.
➢ Experience in HSRP standby troubleshooting & Experience in configuring & upgrading of Cisco IOS
➢ Implementing & Troubleshooting of T1, MUXES and CSU/DSU and data circuits.
➢ Have experience with Cisco Works LAN Management Solution
➢ Involved in configuring Checkpoint firewall and applying rules to pass servers and switches through firewall.
➢  Experience  in  migration  of  Frame-relay  based  branches  to  MPLS  based  technology  using  multi-layer
stackable switch like 6500 series and 2800 series router
➢ Involved in design and implementation of Data Center Migration, worked on implementation strategies for
the expansion of the MPLS VPN networks

Hardware Support Engineer
Exide Industries - July 2007 to June 2009

Responsibilities:
➢ Work on different connection medium like Fiber and Copper Connectivity.

➢ In-depth expertise in the implementation of analysis, optimization, troubleshooting and documentation of
LAN/WAN networking systems.
➢ Configured and troubleshoot OSPF and EIGRP.
➢ WAN Infrastructure running OSPF & BGP as core routing protocol.
➢ Support various Routers like 2600/3600/7200 series routers.
➢ Tested authentication in OSPF and BGP.
➢ Performed and technically documented various test results on the lab tests conducted.
➢ Installed and configured Cisco ASA 5500 series firewall and configured remote access IPSEC VPN on Cisco
ASA 5500 series
➢ Responsible for Configuring SITE_TO_SITE VPN on VPN Concentrators series between Head office and
Branch office
➢ Planning and configuring the routing protocols such as OSPF, RIP, and Static Routing on the routers.
➢ Installation & configuration of Cisco VPN concentrator 3060 for VPN tunnel with Cisco VPN hardware &
software client and PIX firewall
➢ Configured Firewall logging, DMZs& related security policies & monitoring
➢ Hands on Experience working with security issue like applying ACL's, configuring NAT and VPN
➢ Responsible for Internal and external accounts and, managing LAN/WAN and checking for Security
➢ Planning and configuring the entire IP addressing plan for the clients' network.
➢ Assist the certification team and perform configuration of LAN\WAN technologies such as Ethernet, Fast
Ethernet, and Gigabit Ethernet.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

➢  In-depth  technical  knowledge  and  diagnostic  skills  on  all  layers  of  the  TCP/IP  protocol  stack  and
internetworking including protocol analysis and several TCPIP-based application
➢  Programming:  C  Programming,  Linux  Kernel  Module  Programming,  TCL/TK,  Perl,  Network  Processors
(Programmable Chips), Redhat Linux
➢ Security: Anomaly Detection in attack prevention system, IPS/IDS, Penetration Testing and Web application
testing, Buffer Overflows, Cross Site Scripting, Session Management, Cisco PIX, and Security attacks like
DoS, DDoS, Spoofing, Nessus & Cisco IOS, Cisco Works
➢  Protocols  &  Standards:  TCP/IP  Protocol  Suite,  Ethernet,  Token  Ring,  FDDI,  OSPF,  EIGRP,  Rip,  BGP,
HSRP, L2/L3/L4/L7 Switching, VLAN's, VTP, IPv4, IPv6, ATM, VoIP, LAN, SSL, SNMP V1, V2. T1, DS3.
➢ Networking: Network Design & Engineering, Operations Research, Cisco Routers (800, 2600, 2800, 3800,
4500), Switches (2950, 3560, 6500), Snort network intrusion detection systems (IDS). Network penetration
testing tools like NMAP, Net filter, IP Tables, Ethereal, SONNET, MPLS, DSU/CSU

