Kevin Finegan

Network Engineer - Geissele Automatics

Warminster, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kevin-Finegan/6b8d7789b77386fd

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Network Engineer
Geissele Automatics  -  North Wales, PA - December 2015 to Present

Responsible for the continuous process of maintaining onsite infrastructure as well as our website. Technical
expert on all things technology. Being a small/medium business, the Network Engineer is also responsible for
providing help desk support as needed.
• Designed plan to expand subnet to /22 for future growth. Documented VLAN structure to build out: Voice,
Data, Design, Security, ISCSI, VMotion, and DMZ networks. Phase Two of the project would build out the DMZ
and implement layer 3 switching relieving the firewall of all local routing.
• Configured ISCSI switches and installed Dell EqualLogic SAN according to Dell and VMWare best practices.
• Upgraded Active Directory Schema from 2003 to 2012R2 in preparation for Exchange 2010 to 2016 migration.
• Implemented INVICTADesk Service desk solution. Planned to implement LANDesk Management Suite for
full Service Desk management capabilities.
• Created standardized desktop image ensuring software and patches are up to date.
• Developed policies and procedures for New Hire Onboarding, Exit employees, and general security best
practices.
• Conducted security audit and made recommendations for server hardening, external access, and terminated
employees.

Senior Technical Specialist
Quintiq Inc  -  Radnor, PA - April 2014 to April 2015

As the Senior Technical Specialist, I was responsible for the planning, design, and implementation of all IT
related duties ensuring stability before any catastrophic failures occurred. Daily activities included oversight
and management of the VMWare environment, Active Directory management, and all network infrastructure
as 3rd line support. Other responsibilities included purchasing of all hardware and software as well as contract
negotiations. Oversaw first line support ensuring help desk tickets were resolved in a timely fashion.
• Stabilized ESX environment running a mix of 5.0 and 5.5 to 5.5 Update 2. Upgraded all server firmware and
upgraded RAM in 5 nodes to maximize lifespan of environment saving over $100,000 in hardware costs.
•  Expanded  Tier  1  &  3  storage  of  unbalanced  Compellent  SAN.  Upgraded  SC20  controllers  to  SC8000
maximizing performance.
• Implemented monthly meetings with Business Unit Directors and Technical Services department to ensure
IT projects align with the actual needs of the business reducing overall helpdesk calls and keeping staff of
the same page.
• Architected new database design for North America giving each business unit their own SQL environment
utilizing the Dell FX2 chassis reducing the server footprint in the datacenter. Implemented Dell Spotlight for
monitoring of databases.
•  Championed  upgrade  of  aging  wireless  network  to  new  Cisco  Access  Points,  increasing  bandwidth  and
stability of wireless network throughout the office.
• Point of Contact for Technical Services in the organizations implementation of the ISO 27001 Standard.

Network Analyst
American college of physicians  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2006 to February 2014

Responsible for the College's internal computer networks and external computer communications. Specifically
responsible for email, firewall management, and day-to-day administration of Windows networking systems.
Responsible for maintenance and patch management of over 125 Windows Servers. Also provided assistance
to the Senior Network Administrator in support of Network projects and acted as the backup when required.
• Designed and implemented SAP Business Objects Enterprise and supporting systems for data warehouse
built from the ground up.
• Conceptualized Windows 2008 Remote Desktop Services farm utilizing RemoteApp applications for credit
card processing to meet PCI PA-DSS compliance in a multimillion dollar organization
•  Streamlined  the  organizations  association  management  package  spanning  25  physical  servers  into  6
VMWare servers.
• Provided level 2 support to the User Support group assisting in timely turnaround of network related requests.
• Overhauled the Symantec NetBackup Enterprise backup solution from nightly full backups to daily differentials
with a weekly and monthly full back up significantly reducing tape usage and increasing backup window.

Network Administrator
Bergey's Inc  -  Franconia, PA - December 1999 to May 2006

Responsible for installation, configuration, and maintenance of all network related equipment including servers,
routers,  and  switches.  Managed  creation  and  deletion  of  network  user  and  email  accounts  in  all  network
systems. Assisted in installation of Cisco routers and replaced costly backup frame relay circuits using business
class cable modem connections as backup links. Served as backup to the Network Manager
• Participated in the design and planning of a new corporate data center.
• Assisted in implementing of Novell GroupWise email system Barracuda Spam filter.
• Guided implementation of Track-It! Help Desk for support ticket management.
•  Oversaw  installation  of  Novell  ZENWorks  for  simplified  patch  management  and  software  distribution
throughout the multi-location network within the organization.
• Upgraded user workstations ensuring a safe rollover during Y2K.

EDUCATION

Associates in PC / LAN Networking
Montgomery County Community College

Certificate of completion in Computer Network Administration
Eastern Center for Arts and Technology

Diploma
Bishop McDevitt High School

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Distinguished  IT  Professional  with  expertise  in  networking  technologies.  Illustrated  success  in  installing,
configuring, and maintaining all facets of the network. A visionary, with the ability to think creatively to find
resolution of complex technical issues. Strong leadership skills to spearhead and oversee projects. Works
well in team oriented environments as well as independently. Consistently recognized for going above and
beyond the call of duty.

Core Competencies

• Hardware: HP and Dell servers and desktops; Cisco, Meru, F5 Big IP, Compellent, Juniper, NetApp SAN,
Hitachi SAN, QLogic, Brocade, Fortigae Firewall.
•  Software:  Microsoft  Windows  (All  Versions),  VMWare,  Novell  Netware,  OS-X,  IOS,  Linux,  NetBackup,
AppAssure, Business Objects, Microsoft SQL Server, Spotlight, IIS, Citrix, GroupWise, DotNetNuke, ESET,
Storage Foundation for Windows.
•  Technologies  /  Protocols:  DHCP,  DNS,  TCP/IP,  LAN,  WAN,  VOIP,  Active  Directory,  eDirectory,  SAN,
Virtualization, Clustering, Load Balancing, PCI PA-DSS, ISO 27001, mobile.

