Liming Yang

Senior Software Support Engineer

Lawrenceville, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Liming-Yang/d9d118025c0649ef

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Software Support Engineer
Verizon Wireless - July 2013 to January 2016

• Software support for real time messaging services.

-  Support  the  application  servers  they  are  processing  huge  volume  (400+  millions  per  day)  of  real  time
messages. It is multiple threaded java services based on IBM WebSphere, IBM MQ and j2ee jdbc with oracle
database.

• Big data projects. Data mining and predictive modeling.

- Loading the huge volume real time data into Hadoop (hive/hbase tables) using java MapReducer job, sqoop
and pig scripts.
- Design the data struct to query the data to build reports and real time trouble shooting using hive hql and
java hbase APIs.
- Prepare the data for analysis using statistics models.

Environment: Java, J2EE, JDBC, Oracle, JMS, IBM MQ, Spring, Hadoop/HBase/Hive/pig, Mapper/Reducer
and data modeler.

Senior Software Engineer
CA Technology Inc - March 1998 to May 2013

Sustaining Engineering (Level 2 support) for CA Technology software products and solutions. Responsible to
support customers to resolve the complicated problems, bug fix, patches creation, service packs and create
solution for customer's special requests.
1) Uncenter Management Portal. It is tomcat based application server.
2) Event/message services and agents.
3) Workload component.
4) Worked with ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) software modules (SAP, PeopleSoft)

• Environment: UNIX, Windows, J2EE, SQL server, Oracle, Apache web server, tomcat, JBoss, ActiveMQ,
Web service SOAP and RESTful API, C/C++, Java

Software Engineer
Siemens Hearing Instruments Inc - 1997 to 1998

Software development in Hearing Aids manufacture includes Order entry, Instruments testing and embedded
software.
• Environment: Windows, C/C++, SQL, Sybase

Software Analyst
AT&T - 1996 to 1997

Contractor)

• Working on the CM system (Software Configuration and Management System) in the Windows and WEB
environment.
• Environment: Windows, UNIX, C/C++, SQL, Sybase

Software Engineer
- 1993 to 1996

Software Kinetics Ltd.

• Software development for Computerized Integrated Information Dispatch System.
• Researching project for parallel solution of scientific computation.
• Environment: Fortran77, C, UNIX, VM/CMS, Windows

EDUCATION

MS in Computer Science
The University of Ottawa - Ottawa, ON
1991 to 1993

