Luis Garcia-Araguas

Electrical Area Manager

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Luis-Garcia-Araguas/c2b9220a8d499298

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Area Manager, Services Engineering
Gamesa Wind USA  -  Trevose, PA - February 2010 to Present

•  Manage  the  Services  Engineering  Electrical  and  PLC  Software  Engineers.  Responsible  for  all  electrical
and software design modifications in North America. Review the technical and quality aspects of the team's
documentation to ensure: safe and comprehensive work instructions, sound RCA and technical reports.
• Set team action plans and priorities; control progress, deliverables and closure.
• Lead team on critical problems and provide direction to deliver solutions.
• Liaison with our counterparts in Technology North America (R&D) and in our corporate headquarters.
• Conduct training for engineers and subcontractors. Mentor and assist team members with their professional
development. Recruit new team members.
• Frequently represent the engineering team during manager's absence.

Electrical Engineer, Technical Office North America
Gamesa Wind USA  -  Trevose, PA - May 2009 to February 2010

• Lead and carried out root cause analysis in order to identify and implement effective containment actions
and permanent solutions. Created design modifications, work instructions, safety instructions, validation tests
requirements, field verification plans, technical studies and technical incident investigations.
•  Managed  the  Technical  Performance  Team.  Built  and  lead  this  team  to  improve  wind  farm  reliability,
availability and our client's satisfaction. Liaison between clients, site manager and technicians in the field.
• Developed tool for wind turbine alarms analysis and reviewed technical office processes contributing to its
continued improvement.
• Developed expertise of wind turbine systems and provided technical support to wind farm site managers,
Operations and Maintenance teams and Customer Services.

Functional Authority (International Train Maintenance)
Eurostar International Ltd  -  London - October 2007 to September 2008

• Managed the International Rolling's Stock (IRS) Centre of Excellence (COX). Accountable and responsible
for all the engineers Information Systems (IS). Performed as the IS authority, functional architect for whole
Engineering department. Set targets and agreed priorities, strategy and budgets with IRS director. Budgeted
for over £150k (±$300k).
• "Engineering IS Portfolio" Manager and Project Manager. Covering a diverse portfolio from heavy engineering
processes to ERP systems. Achieved high amount of deliverables with constrained resources. Lead long term
IS projects into production.
•  Liaison  between  IRS  (Engineering  in  UK,  France  and  Belgium)  and  IS  departments.  Managed  the
communication  from  director  level  resulting  in  consolidation  of  the  communication  processes,  accuracy  of
specification requirements and overall improvement of the IS profile on the business.
•  Supported  the  Information  Technology  (IT)  section  for  accomplishing  Eurostar's  major  migration  of  the
principal engineering depot, main hub station and the headquarters while securing engineer's interests.

Technical Performance Engineer
Eurostar International Ltd  -  London - November 2004 to October 2007

• Managed projects and developed and introduced tools for improving maintenance preventive and corrective.
• Monitored performance of our fleet of trains and liaised with partner railways to improve train reliability.
• Lead and carried out technical incidents investigations to accomplish safe and reliable service.
• Reviewed technical performance procedures achieving improvements with impact at the team audits.
• Deputized for the Technical Performance Manager. Supervised and coached a 'Team Engineer'. Supervised
and trained 'Graduate Engineers'. Provided technical assistance to the engineering teams on the shop floor.

Graduate Engineer
Eurostar International Ltd  -  London - October 2002 to November 2004

•  Completed  the  "Monitored  Professional  Development  Scheme"  aimed  at  technical  expertise  and
management maturity towards obtaining Chartered Engineer (CEng) qualification. Rotational placements in
key engineering roles included: Technical Services, Technical Office, Strategic Projects Team, SNCF Depot
(National French Railways),
Training & Development Team, Quality & Safety Team.
• Delivered a large portfolio, from which I achieved high level of competence in leadership, supervision, problem
solving, interpersonal and communication skills.

"Bar Coded Student Management System" - August 2001 to August 2001

Designed with Visual Basic, SQL, ASP,
HTML and Access. Completed the product lifecycle from Planning to Implementation and full project lifecycle
from
Initiate to Close. Client benefited from drastic timesaving new process.
• Assisted in the development of projects carried out in the Center, which included laboratory work, testing
automatic
identification technology, developing new software and upgrading existing applications.

Engineering Assistant
Center for Automatic Identification, Ohio University  -  Athens, OH - October 2000 to August 2001

• Managed and developed the "Bar Coded Student Management System". Designed with Visual Basic, SQL,
ASP, HTML and Access. Completed the product lifecycle from Planning to Implementation and full project
lifecycle from Initiate to Close. Client benefited from drastic time saving new process.
• Assisted in the development of projects carried out in the Center, which included laboratory work, testing
automatic identification technology, developing new software and upgrading existing applications.

Machinery Designer, Technical Office
Melton SL  -  Pamplona, Navarra - November 1997 to June 1998

• Designed the PFPLAFORM (processing machine for producing corrugated board packing) with AutoCAD.
Author of the User and Maintenance Guide.
•  Assisted  in  the  planning  and  analysis  phases;  executed  the  design  and  implementation  phases  of  the
product's lifecycle. Resulted in tripled productivity, reduced operational costs and increased safety.

EDUCATION

Master's  Degree  in  Engineering  -  Major  in  Electrical,  Industrial  Automation  and
Electronics in Engineering
UPNA (Spain) and Ohio University - Pamplona, Navarra
1998 to 2001

Bachelor's  Degree  in  Engineering  -  Major  in  Mechanical  Engineering  in  Mechanical
Engineering
UPNA - Pamplona, Navarra
1994 to 1998

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

IT SKILLS

Programming Languages: Visual Basic, VBA, C/C++, SQL (relational databases), HTML, Matlab, BASIC, PLC/
Ladder Logic.
Software: AutoCAD, Matlab-Simulink, SPSS, Business Objects and Microsoft Office (Project, Access, Visio,
Excel).

