Madhavi M

Software Test Specialist - IBM

Devon, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Madhavi-M/c3117854078f4806

➢ Over Nine years of experience in Information Technology, with specializing in Software Quality Assurance
Testing, proficient in testing on Client/Server and Web based applications using manual and automated testing
tools.
➢ Experience in all phases of Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC), Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC),
Bug life Cycle and Methods like Waterfall and Agile.
➢ Experience in developing Java Selenium WebDriver/RC/IDE/GRID test scripts and Test Frameworks using
TestNG/Junit, MAVEN build tools.
➢  Experience  with  writing  Automation  Test  cases  using  Element  Locators,  WebDriver  methods,  Java
programming features and TestNG automation
➢ Excellent knowledge in writing unique XPath using firebug and fire path to identify web elements.
➢ Experience in creating and maintaining automation acceptance test suite using Selenium and TestNG.
➢ Experience in cross browser, cross platform web testing with Selenium RC and WebDriver.
➢ Experience in Executing Selenium Test cases and Reporting defects
➢ Experience in testing the application web services using SoapUI.
➢ Developed Test Scripts to implement Test Cases, Test Scenarios, and features for BDD (Behavior Driven
Development), TDD (Test Driven Development) using Cucumber.
➢  Experience  with  comprehensive  understanding  of  all  phases  of  Test  Life  Cycle,  including  requirement
gathering, test planning, and scheduling, testing, defect tracking and reporting.
➢ Proficient in creating business based functional Test Scenarios, Test plans, Test cases, Test Scripts, Test
Specifications and Traceability Matrix.
➢ Experience in Functional, System, Integration, Regression, GUI, Black Box, White Box and User Acceptance
Testing (UAT) of Client Server and Web applications.
➢  Experienced  in  designing  and  executing  test  cases  based  on  Business  requirements  and  functional
Specifications.
➢ Experience in Backend Database testing using SQL queries
➢ Extensively involved in testing applications manually.
➢ Expertise in documenting defects with high level of detail, accuracy, and informative recreation steps using
Quality Center, JIRA and MTM.
➢ Familiar with creating and executing SQL Queries, Stored Procedures and Functions using Oracle and SQL
Server.
➢ Experience in HTML,XML, Java, Java script, Jsp, Servlets and Web Services
➢ Good interpersonal skills, Written and Verbal communications.
➢ A good team player with excellent time management, skills having profound insight to meet critical deadlines
on time and learn new technologies with enthusiasm.
➢ Flexible and versatile to adapt to any new environment and work on any project.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Test Specialist
IBM  -  Wayne, PA - April 2014 to Present

2xOnboard  application,  featuring  forms  management  and  supported  by  onboarding  process  design  and
onboarding  process  consulting,  helps  clients  drive  efficiency  in  their  organization  by  standardizing  and
automating  the  onboarding  process.  Onboarding  involves  everything  from  welcoming  new  hires  into  the
organization to provisioning and form completion. 2xOnboard application has features like I-9 management,
employment verification, w-4, state forms along with other forms management.
Responsibilities:
• Extensively involved in all stages of testing life cycle, Test Driven Development methodologies, Software
Development Life cycle (SDLC) using Agile methodologies.
• Developed and implemented automation testing using Selenium WebDriver.
• Developed test code in Java language using Eclipse, IDE and TestNG framework.
• Used TestNG Annotations in Selenium WebDriver and executed a batch of tests as TestNG suite.
• Performed Data driven testing Selenium WebDriver using TestNG functions and JDBC Connections which
reads data from scripts using property and XML files.
• Created test cases, scripts based on functional specification, prepared test data for testing.
• Developed Test cases manually and generated Automation Scripts using open source tools like Selenium
Web Driver, TestNG, SOAPUI, Maven and Jenkins.
• Developed test automation scripts using Selenium WebDriver for regression and performance testing of the
various releases of the application.
• Performed build acceptance testing and smoke testing using Cucumber automation tool.
• Worked on Selenium GUI Object / element verification is done through XPath, CSS Locators.
•  Involved  in  validating  Sanity,  functional,  Integration  and  Regression  test  suites  using  Selenium  and  the
request and response of the Web Services (SOA) through SOAP UI.
• Used Firebug to do web based application testing with selenium for the commands and locator application.
• Used SOAP UI tool to test SOA based architecture application to test SOAP services and REST API.
• Involved in Web Services Testing using SOAP UI to create and execute automated functional, regression,
compliance, and load tests.
• Used SQL Queries to verify the data from the Oracle database.
• Working closely with the Developers in the review and modification of the product and its specifications using
Agile-testing methodology.
• Responsible for collecting and analyzing the test metrics and then submitting the reports, which kept track
of the status and progress of the testing effort.
• Participated in Production rollouts and provided end-to-end support and post-implementation support to the
customers

Environment: Java, J2EE, JBoss, Agile Methodology, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven, SOAP UI, TDD,
Eclipse, HTML, XML, XPath, JavaScript, Firebug, Oracle, Windows.

QA Engineer
Kenexa Technologies  -  Waltham, MA - August 2012 to March 2014

Kenexa  Recruitment  Solution,  Kenexa's  mid  to  large  enterprise  recruiting  solution  delivers  comprehensive
support of recruiting processes and offers personal user experiences that empower recruiters and system
administrators to achieve optimal recruiting and hiring results. Recruitment software has the integration with
Job boards, Assessments and background check applications which eliminates the need for shifting between
applications. From requisition creation to hiring process management, Recruitment software helps customers
quickly and easily track recruiting costs, recruiting time, quality of hire and other recruiting metrics that improve
overall recruiting delivery.

Responsibilities:

• Extensively involved in all stages of testing life cycle, Test Driven Development methodologies, Software
Development Life cycle (SDLC) using Agile methodologies.
• Reviewed business requirements and technical specification documents and Analyzed use cases, functional
requirements to write detailed Test plans and Test cases.
• Responsible for implementation of Automation Framework using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG under Java
platform.
• Performed comprehensive manual testing to test website compliance against requirements
•  Performed  Data  driven  testing  using  Selenium  WebDriver,  Junit  functions  and  JDBC  Connections  which
reads data from scripts using property and XML files.
• Wrote and executed automated test cases using Selenium WebDriver to automate manual testing solutions.
• Developed and Executed Test Plans and Test Cases from Requirements and Specification documents.
• Authored and Executed Automation and Manual Test Cases for Functional testing of various modules of
the application.
• Created Automation script using Selenium WebDriver. Executed scripts on different browser and different
platform.
•  Worked  closely  with  Agile  Scrum  team  from  several  domains  to  ensure  product  testability  while  running
Regression tests in Selenium WebDriver using Junit, and maintained test environments used for white box
testing during new product releases.
• Involved in writing unique XPath using firebug and fire path to identify web elements.
• Responsible in executing Selenium test scripts on different browsers and checked for compatibility.
• Provide all data validation through SQL Queries to perform Back-end Testing.
•  Perform  Functional  Testing,  Regression  Testing,  System  Integration  Testing,  User  Acceptance  Testing
(UAT), and End-to-End Testing.
• Created QA sizing estimated based on the changes to the web services for the scope defined in a particular
release cycle.

Environment: Java, J2EE, Oracle 11, JBoss, XPath, MTM, XML, Agile Methodology, Manual and Automation
testing with Selenium.

Quality Analyst
INFOR Global Solutions  -  Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - September 2007 to January 2011

Infor  SRM  SupplyWEB  is  the  leading  supplier  relationship  management  (SRM)  solution  in  the  automotive
industry.  As  an  ERP  independent  supplier  collaboration  and  execution  software  solution,  Infor  SRM
SupplyWEB lowers supplier-related costs by enabling two-way communication of procurement, replenishment,
and  performance  rating  information  and  reducing  related  inventory,  premium  shipments,  quality  defects,
and  more.  The  Key  features  of  SupplyWEB  product  are  Schedules,  PO  Collaboration,  EDI  (Electronic
Data Exchange), Advanced Ship Notices, Kanban, Supplier Managed Inventory, bar code labels and global
shipment tracking

Responsibilities:
◦ Involved extensively in gathering Functional requirements for the application from the business analyst and
other team members.
◦ Involved In developing Test Plan and Test Requirements.
◦ Involved in writing detailed test cases and executed test cases.
◦ Tracked defects and created defect summary reports
◦ Performed Sanity testing, for each new build of the application
◦ Worked on the existing defects logged in HP Quality Center and updated the defect status in a daily based
QA status meetings

◦ Performed Functional, User Interface, End-to-End, Cross Browser, Application, System, Regression, UAT
and Back End Testing.
◦ Performed cross browser testing
◦ Participated in defect reviews with the developers, managers and business people and presented the Defect
reports in the defect review Meetings.
◦ Participated in Production rollouts and provided end-to-end support and post-implementation support to the
customer community resolving production related issues.
◦ Data validation testing done by executing SQL statements.
◦ Responsible for preparing and deploying builds in QA environment
◦ Knowledge is transferred to the new team members about various functionalities and the documents.

Environment: HP Quality Center, Java, HTML, Oracle, Windows.

Quality Analyst
Ramco System Limited  -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu - June 2005 to December 2006

Ramco Virtual Works (RVW) is a framework for building componentized OLTP applications. The framework
consists  of  an  Integrated  Development  Environment  (IDE)  for  developing  applications  and  a  set  of  run-
time (RT) components for executing the developed applications. RVW Workbenches form the IDE used to
develop componentized applications that execute over the RVW runtime environment. RVW Model holds the
application logic and behavior information that is defined by various RVW Users. This Model information is
populated using the RVW Workbenches.

Responsibilities:
◦ Participated in System Test plan preparation for different versions of RVW
◦ Preparing Test cases based on functional requirements for every version.
◦ Performing Functional and System testing of RVW platform.
◦ Code generation and functional Testing of the modeled applications in order to test RVW run time
◦ Functional testing of java applications using different application servers like weblogic and JBoss
◦ Responsible for conducting security and GUI Testing of RVW platform
◦ Conducted Regression testing and Smoke testing of RVW platform
◦ Performed database testing using SQL queries.
◦ Responsible for preparing test reports
◦ Involved in performing Re-Testing for defect fixes verification

Environment: HP Quality Center, Windows, Java, J2EE, Visual Basic, SQL Server, Weblogic, WebSphere
and Oracle

Quality Analyst
Ramco System Limited  -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu - April 2004 to May 2005

Service Oriented Framework for Application (SOFA) framework is aimed at developing a platform that covers
the  entire  life  cycle  of  the  application  development  based  on  Service  Oriented  Architecture.  It  consists  of
Solution Layer, Process Layer, Presentation Layer, Web Service Layer, Component Layer and Asset layer.
SOFA platform can be used for both Asset Renovation and Asset Development. Asset Renovation is used for
generating SOMA compliant code from older versions of Virtual works platform and migrating them into SOFA
model. Asset Development is used for developing new assets and maintaining them.

Responsibilities:
◦ Participated in System Test plan preparation
◦ Preparing Test cases based on functional requirements.

◦ Performing Functional and System testing of SOFA framework
◦ Responsible for conducting security and GUI Testing
◦ Conducted Regression testing and Smoke testing
◦ Performed database testing using SQL queries.
◦ Involved in performing Re-Testing for defect fixes verification

Environment: HP Quality Center, Windows, Java, J2EE, SOAP, SQL Server and WebSphere.

Additional Information:

EDUCATION

Master in Computer Applications
Osmania University - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Skills:

Testing Tools Selenium WebDriver/RC/IDE/GRID, HP Quality Center, Cucumber, Eclipse
Build Tools Maven
Languages HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, XML,SQL
Frameworks Junit, TestNG
Firefox Add-ons XPath, Firebug
Bug Tracking Tools HP Quality Center, BugZilla, JIRA
Testing Strategies System , Integration, Regression, Re-testing, Performance and User Acceptance testing
Databases Oracle and SQL Server
Platforms Windows 7/Vista/XP, UNIX

