Mahmoud Allam

Java/JavaEE Software Developer

Paoli, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mahmoud-Allam/b5e021244c4e0bb1

Talented Java/JavaEE developer with almost 6 years of industry experience providing key contributions to
software  development  and  implementation  projects  for  diverse  and  often  complex  client  needs.  Skilled  at
detailing software and system requirements through ability to transform functional design specifications into
succinct technical specifications. Adept at researching, analyzing and developing solutions to effectively target
business needs. Experienced in developing and implementing application projects through entire software
development
life cycle.

• Java Application Development • Software Development & Implementation • Java Frameworks
Technology Integration • Software Testing • Requirements Management • Web Programming
Technical Specifications • Troubleshooting • Client Consulting • Team Collaboration.

Languages: Core Java, J2SE, J2EE
Frameworks: EJB 3.0, Spring, Hibernate, JPA, Web Services, JMS
Web: JSF, JSP/Servlets, Struts, Spring MVC, Ajax, HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Web/App Servers: Weblogic, JBoss, Apache, Tomcat, Glassfish
Databases: SQL Server 2000 & 2005, MySQL, Oracle 10g & 11g, IBM DB2
Tools: NetBeans, Eclipse, JDeveloper, Tool Suite SRS Toad, Start UML, Power Designer, SQL Server,
MySQL, Dreamweaver, Photoshop
Platforms: Windows, Linux
Design Patterns: Proxy, Observer, Chain of responsibility, Strategy, MVC, Chain of command
SDLC: Waterfall, Agile-Scrum, Iterative
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
Vanguard  -  Malvern, PA - October 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
I am working as full stack software engineer in one of Vanguard project.

Accomplishments
- Added new modules to the project 
- Fixed a lot of issues and implemented new requirements / change requests came from client. 

Skills Used
- HTML/CSS 
- Javascript 
- Jquery / AngularJS
- Spring MVC 
- Rest web services

Senior Java Developer
ASSET TECHNOLOGY GROUP  -  Cairo, GA - 2014 to Present

ASSET TECHNOLOGY GROUP, Cairo, Egypt • 2011-2014
Senior Java Developer
Handled numerous internal projects for the largest software company in Egypt as well as external projects
for major software companies as an outsourced resource. Performed analysis, design and implementation of
solutions to meet customer requirements. Responded rapidly to new/changed customer requirements through
strict organization of code and adaptability of application design. Clients included HSBC International Bank
Global IT Services and Etisalat Egypt BI Telecommunication Team

Notable Projects:
•  Trade  Process  Automation:  Interfaced  closely  with  a  major  bank's  global  IT  services  team  on  a  project
to automate all business work flows in the Trade Department including the Import, Export and Guarantees
functions. Created an application to automate selected internal teams. Integrated the application with the Asset
Jupiter product to archive the data.
Technologies: J2EE, JSF, Ajax, EJB 3.0, JPA, Oracle11g, Websphere 7, HSBC MKS

• Asset Jupiter Product: Played active role as a member of the Technology group on the development of the
company's Jupiter Enterprise Content Management platform. Worked on the back-end team handling business
layer and databases layer development. Implemented new business requirements and resolved all issues
related to customer changes.
Technologies:  JSP/Servlet,  Struts,  Ajax,  EJB,  SQL  Server  2005,  Oracle  10g,  Oracle  Workflow,  JBPM
Workflow, Application Servers (OC4J & JBOSS)

•  RSD  Revamping:  Revamped  an  RSD  tool  and  analyzed,  designed  and  implemented  all  function
requirements. Worked closely with a Business Intelligence/Business Analytics team to automate all business
workflows  for  Data  Warehouse  teams  with  a  focus  on  developing  diverse  modules  for  different  business
requirements.
Technologies: J2EE, JSP/Servlets, Ajax, Spring MVC, Hibernate, MySQL/Tomcat as application server

• HSBC / CBL-CDR (Central Bank of Lebanon - Central Des Risques): An application to generate the monthly
Risk  report.  CBL-CDR  application  offers  functionality  to  introduce  further  enhancements  which  will  reduce
efforts and facilitate definition of new limit types, products, and security types.
Technologies: J2EE, JSF, Ajax, Spring, Hibernate, Oracle11g, Websphere 7, HSBC MKS

Java Developer
BLOCKS  -  Cairo - 2010 to 2011

Performed role of Java developer in the professional services department of a company delivering business
solutions through partnerships with IBM, Intel, Microsoft and other vendors. Assimilated exceptional amount
of knowledge of GWT over a 2 week period to play a strong team role on a key customer project.

Notable Project:
• Electronic Correspondence Management (ECM) System: Leveraged knowledge of FileNet, GWT, IBM-DB2,
JavaScript, HTML and CSS to implement the functional requirements for an application that enabled trouble-
free management of the entire correspondence handling process. Integrated IBM FileNet to build workflow.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science

Cairo University

SKILLS

Servlets, JavaSE, Hibernate, Java, JSF, JSP, OOP, Design Patterns, JDBC, Java Enterprise Edition, EJB,
Struts, XML, GWT, Tomcat Microsoft, SQL Server, JPA, Oracle, UML, Swing, MySQL, DB2, J2SE, J2EE,
Servelts, SQl server, IBM, DB2, Agile Software process, Cloud Computing, Spring, Spring MVC, Ajax,
JQuery, HTML, CSS, Java Script

LINKS

https://www.linkedin.com/in/mahmoudroushdy

CERTIFICATIONS

Oracle Certified Java Programmer - Standard Edition 6

IBM Certified Designer / IBM Certified Developer - Cognos BI

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

ACADEMIC INITIATIVES

* E-Bazaar Online Shopping System, Maharishi University 
of Management: Developed a desktop e-Commerce Admin 
platform for online shopping enabling users to manage 
catalogs and products. Partnered with 4 team members 
and used J2SE, JSF, JDBC and MySQL.

* Bioinformatics Microarray Gene Prediction, Cairo 
University: Java developer on project using Genetic 
Algorithm (GA) with different classifiers techniques 
for Microarray Gene Prediction (MAGP) using colon 
cancer samples with software developed to predict 
affected genes. Worked with 4 team members to 
integrate modules into a complete application using 
J2SE, GA, SVM, GRNN and LOOV.

* IEC Web Application, Cairo University: Acted as Java 
Developer and partnered with 3 team members to 
integrate all modules for an E-commerce website into 
a finished application enabling purchase and sale of 
products. Utilized J2SE, JSP/Servlets and MySQL.

