Matthew Bilyeu

Software Engineer

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Matthew-Bilyeu/69a502b424ae807c

Software  engineer  with  professional  experience  in  web  engineering,  object-oriented  programming,  quality
assurance, and technical project management. Articulate, thorough, and motivated, with a strong desire to
learn. Interested in emerging technologies.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
RJMetrics  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2014 to Present

- Work as part of team to deliver the RJMetrics CloudBI and Pipeline products
- Architected/implemented Clojure microservice for processing thousands of service status messages per hour
to inform end users of actionable problems in their data pipelines
- Using: AngularJS, CoffeeScript, Clojure, PHP, SQL, Linux, Git, AWS, microservices

Software Engineer
EWA Government Systems, Inc  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - July 2012 to April 2014

- Scientific software engineering to develop large-scale radar control simulation systems for the U.S. Navy.
- Maintain, extend, and test system subprograms written with C++ and C# in Linux and Windows environments.
- UI design and implementation for aircraft trajectory and digital signal processing display programs.

Assistant Technical Project Manager
Sunoco Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2010 to March 2011

-  Remotely  configured  networking  and  point  of  sale  hardware  for  retail  locations  using  PuTTY,  VNC,  and
Remote Desktop.
- Managed historic data for approximately 4,600 retail gasoline outlets using Microsoft Excel and Microsoft
Access.
- Authored a script to automate a weekly four-hour manual task using Python, PuTTY, and shell scripting.

Design Implementation Intern
Electronic Ink  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2009 to March 2010

- Worked closely with designers, researchers, and developers to create software solutions for clients.
- Learned and employed front and back end web programming technologies like C# .NET, HTML, CSS, PHP,
and XML.
- Primarily assisted in developing a ~4,500 page public website for Thomas Jefferson University Hospital.

Quality Assurance Intern
Oracle Primavera  -  Bala-Cynwyd, PA - October 2008 to March 2009

- Identified and eliminated software defects within a team of developers and QA engineers following the Agile
methodology.
- Tested software products for defects using SilkTest and automation tests in the 4Test language.
- Detailed defects in reports sent to Customer Support and international teams within the company.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Computer Science
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
June 2012

SKILLS

Current: AngularJS, CoffeeScript, Clojure, PHP, SQL, Linux, Git, AWS, SOA, front- and back-end web
engineering. Past: C#, C++, Qt SDK, Visual Studio, Unix/RedHawk Linux/CentOS, Windows, SVN, HTML,
CSS, MS Office, Agile Development, Object Oriented Design, Quality Assurance, GUI Development, Front
End Web Development. Experience With: Python, Java, JavaScript, jQuery, SilkTest, PostgreSQL, Eclipse,
Xcode, Android SDK, Arduino, Shell Scripting, Continuous Integration, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator,
Computer Graphics, Human-Computer Interaction, Project Management

LINKS

https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthewbilyeu

