Michael Casner

Pitman, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Casner/b78fccc1e2c7970d

Pharmaceutical  Chemistry  Research  Professional  with  industrial  and  academic  experience  in  process
synthetic organic chemistry, bio-organic medicinal synthetic chemistry, technology planning, and technology
assessment.  Strong  team  player  with  excellent  communication  skills  and  a  proven  record  of  leading  and
coordinating  project  planning  and  implementation  with  business,  analytical  chemistry,  process  chemistry
research, engineering, regulatory, and manufacturing groups.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Contract Professor Organic Chemistry
ROWAN UNIVERSITY, Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry  -  Glassboro, NJ - 2011 to 2013

Glassboro, NJ 2011 -2013
Temporary Assistant Professor, Rowan University, Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, Instructor of
Organic Chemistry, Industrial Organic Chemistry (for chemical engineer students), General Chemistry, and
Advanced Chemistry I (accelerated general chemistry for engineers).

Principal Scientist, Senior Development Associate
JOHNSON MATTHEY, Pharmaceutical Materials  -  West Deptford, NJ - 1998 to 2011

Synthetic Organic Process Chemist, Project Leader, & Supervisor
Solved environmental, safety, throughput, yield, capital investment, impurities, manufacturing troubleshooting,
regulatory, and materials cost issues. Designed, developed, and demonstrated chemical processes from lab
to manufacturing plant. Engaged in proactive process design, QbD.
• Increased production yield and quality specifications. Use of less expensive alternative materials triggered
yield, impurity and distillation time problems. Designed a new extraction process that removed impurities and
increased output, enabling Johnson Matthey to meet quality, regulatory and quantity goals for a key $30M
product.
• Designed process critical to generic drug manufacture. Production of a potentially profitable generic drug
in  the  US  and  Europe  by  a  Johnson  Matthey  subsidiary  was  blocked  by  process  patents.  Designed  a
synthetic process and associated HPLC method that avoided patent infringement while enabling launch of
drug production.
• Solved research and impurity issues in raw materials, reference standards, and products.
• Developed in process analytical methods for process research: HPLC, NMR, TLC, IR, MS.
•  Synthetic  research  projects 
homogeneous catalysis, monomers, nucleoside congeners, opiates, peptides, & phylloquinones.

include  benzodiazepines,  chiral  resolution,  calorimetry,  gold  drugs,

Manager, Senior Research Chemist, Research Chemist
Mallinckrodt Inc  -  St. Louis, MO - 1989 to 1997

Designed, developed, and demonstrated chemical processes from lab to pilot plant.
• Synthetic research projects include nucleoside derivatives, heterocyclic compounds (purines, pyrimidines,
pyrroles), NSAIDs, solid phase peptide synthesis, Boc-amino acids.
•  Evaluated  new  technology  including  organic  synthetic  methods  (catalysts,  processes  towards  target
molecules), combinatorial chemistry and molecular design research, molecular modeling, and novel molecular
entities (analgesics).
• Reviewed and assessed internal and external research and marketing proposals. Researched opioid and
non-opioid analgesics, addiction therapy, peptide synthesis, generic drug synthesis, and drug delivery.

• Identified novel research to enable competitive advantage in generic drug manufacture.

Senior Chemist Process development
MERCK & CO  -  Danville, PA - 1987 to 1989

manufacturing support and troubleshooting.
• Optimized process improvements to avoid capital investments for a β-lactam antibiotic.

Skills
• Expert in troubleshooting manufacturing problems, vendor qualification, and technology transfer. Investigated
batch record implementation errors, off spec products, impurities in raw materials &/ or products, root cause
analysis (RCA), corrective actions and preventative actions (CAPA), and process hazards analysis.
• Expert in proactive process design, QbD. Designed, developed, and demonstrated chemical processes from
lab to pilot plant to large scale cGMP production. Lean sigma and operation excellence (OE) training.
• Expert in developing crystallization methods for drug intermediates and final products.
• Expert in synthetic process chemistry for target active pharmaceutical ingredients (API), key raw materials,
and drug intermediates.
• Expert in enabling cGMP manufacturing regulatory filings, including DMFs, INDs, and (a)NDAs. Formal CE
training in GCP: CRA CRC beginner program.
•  NMR:  Achieved  upgrades  for  an  NMR  instrument  (300  to  400  MHz).  Lead  its  maintenance  and
troubleshooting. Solved research and impurity problems in raw materials and ref. standards.
• Developed in process analytical methods for process research: HPLC, NMR, GC, TLC, IR, MS.
• Determined polymorph status of drug candidates using XRD, DSC, TGA, and IR.
•  Intellectual  Property:  Evaluated  patents  and  literature  to  determine  freedom  to  operate  (FTO)  synthetic
processes for generic drugs. Database searching USPTO, EPO, WIPO, et al.
•  Manager  of  Technology  Planning:  Identified,  funded  and  monitored  external  research.  Identified  novel
research to enable competitive advantage in generic drug manufacture. Reviewed and assessed internal and
external research and marketing proposals.
• Trained, educated, and mentored colleagues on solving problems and to search for chemical information to
support customer needs and regulatory issues.
•  Taught  Advanced  Chemistry  (accelerated  general  chemistry),  Advanced  Organic  Chemistry,  Medicinal
Chemistry, Organic Chemistry, Spectral Methods, QSAR, drug design
• Wrote Grant applications: Synthesis of taurine ESR spin labeled probes for membrane studies.
• Community Leadership: Emergency First Responder; Taught self defense (Aikido) to Rowan U. students;
Chair, Program Chair, Treasurer, Alternate Councilor and Science Fair Judge for the South Jersey American
Chemical Society; Toastmasters International Area Governor.

EDUCATION

PhD in Chemistry
The University of Arizona - Tucson, AZ

BSc in Pharmacy
The University of Kansas - Lawrence, KS

SKILLS

• Expert in troubleshooting manufacturing problems, vendor qualification, and technology transfer.
Investigated batch record implementation errors, off spec products, impurities in raw materials &/ or
products, root cause analysis (RCA), corrective actions and preventative actions (CAPA), and process

hazards analysis. • Expert in proactive process design, QbD. Designed, developed, and demonstrated
chemical processes from lab to pilot plant to large scale cGMP production. Lean sigma and operation
excellence (OE) training. • NMR: Achieved upgrades for an NMR instrument (300 to 400 MHz). Lead its
maintenance and troubleshooting. Solved research and impurity issues in raw materials and reference
standards. • Developed in process analytical methods for process research: HPLC, NMR, GC, TLC,
IR, MS. • Determined polymorph status of drug candidates using XRD, DSC, TGA, and IR. • Expert
in developing crystallization methods for isolation of drug intermediates and final products. • Expert in
synthetic process chemistry for target medicinals, key raw materials, and drug intermediates encompassing:
amphetamines, benzodiazepines, Boc-amino acids, chiral resolution, calorimetry, drug conjugates,
gold drugs, heterogeneous and homogeneous catalysis, heterocyclic compounds (purines, pyrimidines,
pyrroles), , NSAIDs, nucleoside/ -tide congeners, opiates, peptides, phylloquinones, platinum drugs, solid
phase peptide synthesis, and sugar derivatives. • Expert in enabling cGMP manufacturing regulatory
filings, including DMFs, INDs, and (a)NDAs. Formal CE training in GCP: CRA CRC beginner program. •
Intellectual Property: Evaluated patents and literature to determine freedom to operate (FTO) synthetic
processes for generic drugs. • Expert in proactive process design, QbD. Designed, developed, and
demonstrated chemical processes from lab to pilot plant to large scale cGMP production. • Manager of
Technology Planning: Identified, funded and monitored external research. Identified novel research to
enable competitive advantage in generic drug manufacture. Reviewed and assessed internal and external
research and marketing proposals. • Trained, educated, and mentored colleagues on solving problems
and how to search for chemical information to support customer needs and regulatory issues. Well versed
in searching chemical, patent and drug databases: SciFinder, STN, CAS databases, CAplus, Registry,
USPTO, Orange Book, EPO, Micropatent, WIPO, and web based searching. • Designed and arranged
collaborative interdisciplinary research. • Wrote Grant applications: Synthesis of taurine spin labels as ESR
probes for membrane studies. • Taught Advanced Chemistry, Advanced Organic Chemistry, Medicinal
Chemistry, Organic Chemistry, Spectral Methods, Advanced Med. Chem. (QSAR, drug design)

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/in/michaelcasner

