Narendra Kaushik

Senior Software Engineer - On Demand Agility Software Private, Ltd

King of Prussia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Narendra-Kaushik/4035a758e9c73f5d

⇨ A competent individual with around 5.9 years of rich & comprehensive experience in e-commerce application
development using WCS 6.0 and WCS 7.0.
⇨ Presently associated with On Demand Agility Solutions Inc - USA.
⇨ Has worked on different subsystems of IBM WebSphere Commerce like Order, Member, Catalog, Payment
and SEO. Has also worked on integration of WebSphere Commerce with application like Adobe CQ5 (Content
management  system),  PayPal,  Cyber  Source,  Footjoy's  myjoys,  Bronto  application,  Border  Free,  Alfresco
CMS, Needle application, Channel advisor and Google Analytics.
⇨ An enthusiastic and dedicated person who can accurately perform challenging tasks requiring precision,
detailed and exceptional organizational/analytical abilities.
⇨ Capable of meeting very aggressive schedule and work efficiently in high pressure/stress environment with
the ability to grasp new concepts & utilize them in a productive manner.

I had worked on BODL (Business object data load) for 10 months
I was involved in product development that uses springs MVC model along with WebSphere Commerce 7.0
with feature pack 6.
I have been working on Web-sphere commerce server 6.0 and 7.0 for 5.8+ years.

Skill Set/Software Proficiency
Primary Skill WCS 6.0, WCS 7.0, BODL, Java/J2EE, JSP, JSF, Spring MVC
Other Skill Java Script
Tools RAD , Eclipse, Rational Clear Case 7.0,Rational Clear Quest, SVN, TFS
Web/App servers IBM WebSphere Commerce Server 6.0, 7.0
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Software Engineer
On Demand Agility Software Private, Ltd - January 2014 to Present

Senior software engineer
Horizon Hobby - January 2014 to Present

January 2014 to Present 4

Senior Software Engineer
GlobalLogic, Inc - January 2013 to January 2014

Product development
CVCC, CVPOS - January 2013 to January 2014

CrossView,  Inc.  WCS  7.0,  Java,  J2EE,  DB2,  MYSQL,  Spring  MVC,  SOLR,  ETL  (Kettle)  Senior  software
engineer January, 2013 to January, 2014 15

Associate Technology L
Sapient Consulting Ltd - November 2011 to January 2013

2

Associate Technology L
Marks & Spencer's (U.K) - November 2011 to January 2013

2 November,2011 to January,2013 35

Systems Engineer
Development - July 2010 to October 2011

Enhancement and Maintenance of U.S based healthcare Website. Cardinal health (U.S) WCS 6.0, Java, J2EE,
DB2, BODL Systems Engineer July-2010 to October-2011 8

PROJECT EXPERIENCE DETAILS

Organization: On Demand Agility Software Private, Ltd
Client: Horizon Hobby
Project: E-commerce Retail application built using WCS 7.0
Project Description:
The Client had chosen WebSphere Commerce server 7.0 and other services like SOLR, Alliance, BRONTO,
PayPal, Cyber Source, Border Free, Google Analytics as the part of their Web Application. DB2 has been
chosen as the back-end database

Responsibilities:
• Customizing Out of the box functionality related to new customer account creation and updating customer
account  information.  Assign  new  customer  to  different  application  or  business  specific  segments  as  per
customer interest.
• Integrating WebSphere Commerce with BRONTO application which will be used for managing marketing
strategy and sending marketing mails as per customer interest.
• Implement SEO URL's throughout the application.
• Integrating WebSphere Commerce with Alfresco content management system and displaying static content
throughout the application.
• Integrating WebSphere Commerce with Cyber Source using secure acceptance silent order post.
• Framework for displaying HTML content throughout the application.
• Back end for handling tracking numbers related to orders shipment based on data provided by Alliance order
management system.
• Customizing OOB wish list functionality. OOB functionality adds default quantity of Item as 1, changed this
behavior for adding quantity of item as specified by user.
• JUnit test for backend functionality.
• Integrating WebSphere Commerce with Needle application, Channel advisor and Google Analytics, Bronto
Analytics,  Universal  Analytics,  Google  trusted  store,  Adwards  conversion  tag,  Bing  tag,  Remarketing  tag,
OLAPIC tag.
• Customizing e-mail templates and e-mail functionality.
• Dataload for custom tables.
• Integrating WebSphere Commerce with Border free.
◦ Includes Border free data load. Loading commerce data like Catalog data, Country restrictions data to border
free and border free specific data like Countries that border free supports, Foreign exchange rates, IP lists
and Pricing customization data.
◦ Displaying border free equivalent data on Home Page, Category landing pages, Search landing pages and
Product display pages.
• Setting up new stores as per requirements. Making all the integration Points work for new stores. (In Progress)

Organization: GlobalLogic, Inc
Client: CrossView, Inc.
Project: E-commerce product development using WCS 7.0 and springs framework
Project Description:
The Client had chosen WebSphere Commerce server 7.0 and other services like SOLR, ETL (Kettle) etc. As
the part of their Web Application. DB2 and MYSQL have been chosen as the back-end database.

Responsibilities:
• Implementing new functionalities like Wish list and my closet.
• Creating customer profile with minimal information.
• Modification of payment calculation and integrating application with PayPal and Cyber source.
• Implementation of command triggers.
• Handling credit card track data.
• Handling inventory in case of multiple fulfillment centers.
• Adding new items to order in post order modification cycle. Adding new items to an order which is already
fulfilled.
• Design and implementation of customized product functionality using Footjoy's myjoys functionality.

Organization: Sapient consulting limited

Client: Marks & Spencer's
Project: E-commerce Retail application developed using WCS 7.0
Project Description:
The Client had chosen WebSphere Commerce server 7.0 and other services like ENDECA, Adobe CQ5, PIM,
Scene 7, DAM etc. As the part of their Web Application. Oracle has been chosen as the back-end database.

Responsibilities:
• WCS and Adobe CQ5 (Content management system) integration.
◦ Design and development for integrating two distinct systems.
◦ Scheduler implementation for Inserting Static content in collateral and marketing data model tables, creating
E-marketing Spots and Web-Activities related to content using BOD implementation.
◦ Displaying Static content using E-Marketing spots on respective pages.

• Design and implementation of Dynamic template management for category and product display pages.
◦ Customizing WCS OOTB category landing and product landing pages template management for custom
product types.
• Design and implementation of Item sale module- product carousel (Catalog entry recommendations).
◦  Customizing  OOTB  catalog  entry  recommendations  for  displaying  products/items  based  on  available
inventory and for displaying History price, reviews and ratings.

• Performance testing and evaluation of the system and code optimization for performance improvement.
◦ Evaluating application performance using J-Profiler and Performance logger.
◦ Code optimization for the hot spots identified during performance evaluation.

• Implementation of ESAPI validation framework.
◦ Developed a component which will use OWASP ESAPI framework for security validations throughout the
application.

• WCS SEO implementation.
◦ SEO URL construction\deconstruction.
◦ Customizing seourlkeywordgen utility for generating tokens as per requirement.
◦ SiteMap creation.
◦ Canonical URL for PDP pages.
◦ 301 redirect.
◦ Product URL feed for third party (Rich relevance and Bazar voice).

• Workspace management.
◦ Enabling workspaces on different environments and resolving issues related to that.
◦ Using workspace management for handling CMS content depending on status of content.

• Implementing caching strategy.

Organization: Infosys limited

Client: Cardinal health

Project: E-commerce healthcare application developed using WCS and WPS
Project Description:
The Client had chosen WebSphere products and other various services as part of their Web Application. DB2
had been chosen as the back-end database

Responsibilities:
• Development, Enhancement and Maintenance of the WebSphere Commerce side of the Web site
• Development of new features at Commerce and BODL side:
◦ Implementing new functionality for sending orders directly to patient address instead of sending order to
vendor address.
◦ Implementation of credit card purchase functionality for Pharma products.
◦ Handling of invalid and deleted ship to accounts in commerce database through BODL.
◦ Handling of credit hold validations, contract mappings to ship to accounts and license validations.

• Complete Commerce and BODL Installation and setup of Test environment
• Giving valuable suggestion to maximize customer satisfaction.

Declaration

I hereby declare that the above information is correct to the best of my knowledge.

Date: 25th, November 2015
Place: King of Prussia, PA (Narendra Kaushik)

Systems Engineer
Infosys Limited - January 2010 to October 2011

Certifications and Trainings
WebSphere Commerce V7.0 Application Development, IBM WCS (000-723) (Certification).
WebSphere Commerce V6.0 Application Development (Certification).
IBM WCS 7.0 vendor's training
Infosys Training at Mysore in .Net

Project Experience Summary
Project Description Client Technologies Role Period Team Size

EDUCATION

Computer Science and Engineering
Batchelor of technology
2009

