Paul Omeally

Senior IT Engineer - Vanguard Funding, LLC

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Paul-Omeally/9dc8add1aa006cc1

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior IT Engineer
Vanguard Funding, LLC  -  Garden City, NY - September 2013 to Present

Technical Scope: Windows Server 2008 R2, Active Directory, MS Exchange, Veeam Backup Suite, SQL Server
2012, SharePoint Designer, Qualys Vulnerability Management, VMware Vcenter,
Configure,  install,  and  troubleshoot  network  infrastructure  for  remote  company  branches.  Work  closely
with  team  members  and  branch  managers  to  plan  and  execute  infrastructure  repairs,  improvements,  and
maintenance. Liaise with third-party vendors to acquire services and equipment as well as resolve issues.
Coordinate  and  execute  multiple  technical  activities  including:  Active  Directory  configuration,  group  policy
creation  and  management,  VPN  installation,  DNS/DHCP  configuration,  PowerShell  scripting  automation,
SharePoint design and development, and VoIP configuration.
Key Achievements:
* Created and implemented comprehensive policy and procedure document to define department workflow
and support including user account management, equipment and software licenses, and shared IT knowledge
base.
* Deliver training and end-user support remotely and onsite for software and online services.
* Enhance and maintain company-wide back up policies and disaster recovery mechanisms to drive business
continuity and protect assets.
* Provided Tier 2 and Tier 3 technical support.
*  Manage  virtualization  environment  using  VMware  ESXI  3.x  and  VMware  vSphere  5.x  to  optimize
infrastructure in a multi-site environment.

Project Lead/Programmer
Monroe College  -  Bronx, NY - January 2013 to April 2013

Technical Scope: C#, HTTP, Asp.Net MVC 4, Arduino
Participated  in  intensive  hands-on  senior  seminar  practicum  to  apply  concepts  and  skills  gained  through
undergraduate coursework. Developed and executed project from initial concept to successful completion.
Created Arduino sketch to allow Arduino microcontroller to communicate over web using HTTP request and
response messages. Wrote C# code to handle authentication processes and database connectivity.
Key Achievements:
* Coordinated efforts of technical team members to achieve project goals on-time and meet seminar objectives.
* Leveraged technical skills to partner with web designers, producing a web application using Asp.Net MVC 4.

PC Support Volunteer
Wartburg Adult Care Community  -  New Rochelle, NY - 2011 to 2011

Technical Scope: MS Word, web browsers, OS imaging
Volunteered  alongside  National  Society  of  Black  Engineers  (NSBE)  members  to  provide  configuration,
installation, and repair services within community-based social services agency. Delivered training, coaching,
and support to end users, increasing staff and client capacity with Microsoft Office products and web services.

Junior Programmer/System Administrator
Citi Loans  -  Kingston - 2009 to 2010

Technical Scope: SQL Servers & Databases, C#, Win Form
Provided programming and system administration support for loan provider office. Delivered help desk support,
troubleshooting, and software/hardware installations for onsite employees. Developed web service using C# to
transmit loan request information into database. Coordinated system configuration, back-up, and maintenance
efforts.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Business Administration in Informational Technology
Monroe College - New York, NY
2013

Certificate in IT Essentials
Caribbean Institute of Technology
2007

SKILLS

Windows Server (3 years), Software Development (3 years), Database Management (3 years), Active
Directory (3 years), Active Directory (3 years), Vmware (2 years)

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/in/paul-omeally-8358a535

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Areas of Expertise:
• Windows Server Configuration & management
• Network Infrastructure Management
• Project Management
• System Configuration & Installation
• Vendors Relationship Management
• Multi-Site Organizations
• Backup & Recovery Strategies
• Troubleshooting & Problem Resolution
• User Training and Support

Technical Proficiencies

Platforms: Windows Server […] Windows XP/7/8,10, Mac OSX, Linux
Tools:
MS Office Suite, MS Outlook, MS Exchange, Active Directory, VM Ware, Microsoft Visual Studio, SharePoint
2012, MS Visio, IIS 7, Symantec Ghost Suite, MS SQL Server […] Remote Desktop tools, VMware ESXi 5.x,
VMware vSphere 5.x, Veeam Availability Suite

Web/Software Development: C#, ASP.NET, VB.NET, HTML5, Swift, JavaScript, JQuery, Ruby, PHP, SQL,
CSS

