Reynaldo Quiambao

Systems Integration Engineer - Kennedy Health System

West Chester, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Reynaldo-Quiambao/d6c3e52e00478a3f

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Systems Integration Engineer
Kennedy Health System  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - June 2015 to Present

Is responsible for the development, maintenance and support of all HL7 interfaces residing on the Openlink
interface  server.  Performs  all  Openlink  software  upgrades,  as  well  as  coordinates  any  Microsoft  updates
applied to the Openlink server(s). Supports the interface connections on designated application systems which
connect to the Openlink server(s).

Is responsible for the configuration, maintenance and support of all the necessary components on the VPS
(Virtual Printing Subsystem) server(s) to distribute/route data, reports, documents, etc. to the desired end point
which would be either a physical device, or a local/networked file storage area. Performs all VPSanyqueue
and Pagesort software upgrades, as well as coordinates any Microsoft updates applied to the VPS server(s).

Is also responsible for providing the primary support for the Kennedy Health Legacy applications. Implements
and supports ancillary Batch Processing functions for the Siemens Financial Applications. Serves as technical
lead for all projects involving Legacy application database file conversions.

Systems Analyst / Engineer
Cerner Corporation  -  Malvern, PA - February 2015 to May 2015

Siemens Healthcare was acquired by Cerner Corporation.
Duties and responsibilities are the same with Siemens Healthcare.

Systems Analyst / Engineer
Siemens Healthcare  -  Malvern, PA - November 2006 to January 2015

Team: Cloud Services & Deployment Management - Managed Services
Develops,  tests,  and  modifies  complex  internal  application  systems.  Designs  complex  systems,  modules
and/or  approaches  and  required  enhancements.  Performs  complex  coding,  reviewing,  preparing  test
data,  testing  and  debugging  and  implementing  of  system  building.  Performs  complex  program,  system
and  user  documentation  through  Install  Validation  for  systems  created.  Performs  complex  analysis  and
troubleshooting for various business applications. Environment includes installing Siemens Soarian Clinicals,
Soarian  3rd  party  softwares,  Openlink  HL7  Interfaces  (Pharmacy,  Lab,  Rad,  Soarian  Financials,  Invision),
TIBCO Staffware (Workflow), Rules Engine, Output Management System (OMS), Soarian Scheduling, DSS
Job  Scheduler,  DSS  EA,  Soarian  Scheduling,  Innovian,  Critical  Care,  Cardiology,  OR/ORS.,  Windows
2000/2003/2008/2012  Server  on  Active  Directory,  SQL,  Windows  2000/2003/2008/2012  Server  on  Active
Directory, SQL 2000/2005/2008/2012, Windows XP Pro, Windows 7/8.x, Terminal services, IBM Websphere,
IIS/ASP,  VMWare,  PCAnywhere,  NetOps,  mRemote,  Mercury  Load  Runner  &  VU  Gen  2000/2005/2008,
Windows XP Pro, Windows 7, Terminal services, IBM Websphere, IIS/ASP, VMWare, PCAnywhere, NetOps,
mRemote, HP Load Runner & VU Gen 11 and Windows Perfmon.
• Did installation, configuration, maintenance and support of Soarian Clinicals Application Software Suite.

• Applied critical hot fixes to live Production customers.
• Evaluate, plan, design and implement customer hardware and application.
• Did a live time-sensitive Application Implementation to Production customers.
• Led numerous live time-sensitive Application Implementation to Production customers.
• Manage, maintain, troubleshoot, evaluate and improve internal systems used by internal application testing
teams.
• Led and coordinated projects working closely with Research & Development.
• Manage customer escalations and model defects backlog for Soarian Clinicals Application.
• Clone and restore Virtual Machines for internal testing teams.
•  Run  LoadRunner,  VuGen  to  simulate  application  through  Performance  Monitor  and  collected  data  for
analyzation and comparison.
• Created Openlink HL7 interfaces according to specifications.
• Tested and troubleshoot Openlink interfaces.
• Compared Invision and Soarian Openlink interfaces.

IT Consultant
Siemens Healthcare  -  Malvern, PA - November 2005 to November 2006

Developed, tested, and modified complex internal application systems. Designed complex systems, modules
and/or approaches and required enhancements. Performed complex coding, reviewing, preparing test data,
testing and debugging and implementing of system building. Performed complex program, system and user
documentation for systems created. Performed complex analysis and troubleshooting for various business
applications.

Sr. Network/System/SAN Engineer
Al Falak and Dyn-Al Rushaid  -  Chantilly, VA - July 2004 to June 2005

Involved in the Out-of-Kingdom (OOK) Design Phase of the Saudi ARAMCO's Security Access Control System
(SACS) Project. His main role is designing the Network Connectivity, Server Systems, Workstations, Server
Clustering  and  SAN  Storage  Systems.  Environment  includes  Dell  Servers,  Disk  Subsystems,  Fiber  Optic
devices, Microsoft Windows 2003 Server Enterprise with Clustering Server Services, MS SQL 2000, Veritas
Backup Software, SANtricity for SAN Management.
• Designed, simulated and tested the Server Systems, Server Clustering and SAN Storage Systems.

Sr. Systems Engineer
Novell Netware - September 1994 to June 2004

Environment includes Compaq/ HP Servers, Desktops and Laptops, Novell Netware, Linux, Windows Server
and Workstation, IIS, MS Exchange Mail Server, MS SQL Server, Lotus Notes and cc:Mail, MQ Series, IBM
AIX, 4GL Progress and OS2, Lantronix Console and Device Servers, VPN, ADSL/ISDN Router, BreezeCom
and Lucent Wireless, printers and peripherals.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILL HIGHLIGHTS

• (IT) Microsoft Certified (MCSE), Novell Certified (CNA).
• (IT) Software Training include Windows Operating System Internals for IT Professionals, Citrix Presentation
Server 4.5 Administration, SQL 2012 Fundamentals.
• (IT) Hardware Training and Seminar include IBM, DELL, HP and COMPAQ Server Hardware Systems.
• (IT) Network operating systems include MS Windows […] Enterprise Server, Linux, Novell Netware.
• (IT) Computer operating systems include MS Win2k Professional, WindowsXP/Vista/7.0/8.x, Mac, MS-DOS.

• (IT) Networking & management protocols include TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, MS NetBEUI, MS DLC, SNMP, DNS,
NAT, VPN, NDIS and VLAN.
• (IT) Networking environments include Ethernet and Wireless.
• (IT) Storage environment include NAS and SAN.
• (IT) Hardware environments include HP NetServer, Compaq Proliant Server, Dell Server, Mac, Intel, Cisco
Routers,  ISDN,  ADSL,  VPN,  Lucent/ZoomAir/Breezecom/Cisco  Aeronet  Wireless  LAN.  Lantronix  terminal,
console & device servers, PABX. Other modems, print servers, printers and scanners.
• (IT) Software & Application include MS Office […] MS Exchange Server […] Novell Groupwise, RAS, Proxy
Server, Wingate, WinProxy, MS […] Java, HTLM, Lotus ccMail, Notes Mail, MS Mail, MS Outlook, MS Outlook
Express,  Internet  E-Mail  (SMTP/POP3/Sendmail),  Netscape  Mail,  MS  IIS,  MS  Cluster  Server,  Vinca  Co-
StandbyServer, IBM IT Director, HP OpenView, VMware, VPN, pcANYWHERE, Anti-Virus Software, Visio
Technical, MS Publisher, Adobe Pagemaker/Photoshop. FTP and Telnet.
•  (EMR  and  EHR)  Cerner  Soarian  Training  include  Cerner/Siemens  OPENLink  Getting  Started,  Cerner/
Siemens  OPENLink  Base  Services,  Cerner/Siemens  OPENLink  Toolkit  Services,  Soarian  Clinicals,
Configuration, Getting Started with Soarian Clinicals for Clinicians, Getting Started with Soarian Clinicals for
the  Physician,  Soarian  Clinicals  Orders  and  Results,  Soarian  Clinicals  Configuration,  Getting  Started  with
Soarian Clinicals for Clinicians, Soarian Clinicals Non-Medication Orders, Soarian Clinicals Service Provider
Workspace, Siemens Rules Engine Workshop - Soarian, Siemens Rules Engine Workshop, Soarian Clinicals
Tracing and Error Logging Standards, Performance Engineering and Validation Process for Clinical Solutions
Development Teams, MED Health Services - Quality Management System Overview, Med HS Process House
- Our Quality Management Tool, VersionOne Team Member Training
• (EMR and EHR) Cerner Soarian Software include Siemens Soarian Clinicals, Soarian 3rd party softwares,
Openlink HL7 Interfaces (Pharmacy, Lab, Rad, Soarian Financials, Invision), TIBCO Staffware (Workflow),
Rules Engine, Output Management System (OMS), Soarian Scheduling, DSS Job Scheduler, DSS EA, Soarian
Scheduling, Innovian, Critical Care, Cardiology, OR/ORS, Clinical UI, Admin Desktop Tool, Adaptability Tool,
Openlink SIEV and Messaging Services.

