Rohini R

Engineer

New Castle, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rohini-R/44a080c398d3de31

• Progressive five years of professional experience in handling harness related wiring design activities with
sound knowledge of wiring harness development catering automotive, aerospace & defence sectors.
•  Comprehensive  knowledge  of  Electrical  Wiring  Interconnect  System,  system  architecture,  Electrical
Installation, and harness manufacturing processes
• In-depth knowledge of wiring harness design and development as well as electrical schematics.
• Extensive knowledge of electrical and mechanical systems and cable harness design
• Well versed in MIL Spec standards, QMS Procedures, IPC-WHMA-A-620 requirements, 3D CAD, Pro E, and
computer aided design tools.
• In-depth knowledge of wiring interconnects, panel boxes, & mechanical assemblies.
• Strong technical knowledge with excellent technical communication skills.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Engineer
SasMos HET Technologies Limited  -  Bangalore, Karnataka - August 2012 to April 2015

Bangalore, India (RANE Group of Companies)

SasMos,  Incorporated  in  2007,  is  certified  with  ISO  9001,  AS9100,  AS9102,  and  AS9103,  is  a  leading
manufacturer of Aerospace, Defence, Marine industry products of cable

Assemblies, wiring harness, panel boxes, and electro-mechanical assemblies.

Expertise:
• Engineering Design, Supply Chain Management& Strategic Sourcing

• Handle responsibilities of designing electrical wire harnesses and optimizing wire harness designs.

• Responsible for providing design data and specifications to support in design modification procedures.

• Assign tasks of verifying product for conformance as well as conduct quality specifications before product
release.

• Assigned responsibilities of supporting engineering staff in shop revision requests and developing design
specifications.

• Assigned the tasks of developing and maintaining cable routings and installation guidelines.

• Performed responsibilities like writing and raising ECNs, preparing of Bill of Materials, and designing harness
layouts.

• Handled responsibilities of analysing wiring and component parts of end product.

• Sourcing & Cost estimation of the components.

• Handled the tasks of preparing engineering documentation under the instructions of senior staff.

PROJECT DETAILS:

1. TATA POWER SED

• MRSAM - Medium Range Surface To Air Missile

Prototype build successfully completed. Designed 67 cable harnesses for Missile Launcher using Microsoft
Visio & Auto CAD. Harness designs, Creation of BOM, Costing, Production drawings and customer drawings
were prepared along with SAP updation.

2. L & T

● Prototype MRSAM Harnesses
Prototype build successfully completed. 42 harnesses were built for Missile Launcher using Microsoft Visio.
Harness designs, Creation of BOM, Costing, Production drawings and customer drawings were prepared along
with SAP Updation.
● MSU Harness - BOM Preparation & Costing was done along with SAP Updation using Customer input
details.
● Power Panel Unit - On- going design of Mechanical Assembly using Customer input details.
● ML MICA Harness - BOM Preparation & Costing was done along with SAP Updation using Customer input
details.
● L70 Gun harness - BOM Preparation & Costing was done along with SAP Updation using Customer input
details.

3. Honeywell Aerospace
● Gats - BOM Preparation & Costing was done along with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design.
● Gats-16 Test Bench - BOM Preparation & Costing was done along with SAP Updation.
● CPCS - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing was done along with
SAP Updation.
● Vector STA - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing was done along
with SAP Updation.
● B737 Test Cable - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing was done
along with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design.
● CCA Cable Assembly - This is system integration PCB Assembly Harness which we had supported for
Honeywell US. This is an on-going design.
● RTIU ZIF CONNECTOR CCA Assembly -- BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components
& Costing was done along with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design.
● B737 Max ASC Primary PBA Panel & Cable Build - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional
components & Costing was done along with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design.
● A350 CPIOM Harness - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing was
done along with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design.
● COMAC C919 LRU Test Panel - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing
was done along with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design.
4. Bharat Electronics Limited (BEL)

● ACCS Cable Assembly - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing was
done along with SAP Updation.
● GCU & SCU - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing was done along
with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design.
● Lynx U2 Housing Unit - BOM Preparation & Costing was done along with SAP Updation.
● BEL Concentrator - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing was done
along with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design.
●  Communication  System  Cable  Assemblies  -  BOM  Preparation,  providing  alternates  for  functional
components & Costing was done along with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design.
● GCS Cable Assemblies - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing was
done along with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design.
● Ethernet Edge System Cable Assembly - Preparation & Costing was done along with SAP Updation.
●  Cable  Assembly  Receiver  Rack  -  BOM  Preparation,  providing  alternates  for  functional  components  &
Costing was done along with SAP Updation.
● Test Jig - On- going design project for Cable Assemblies using Customer input details.

● Shelter - On-going design project for Cable Assemblies for Rafael Defence Systems through BEL Mumbai

5. Centre For Airborne Systems (CABS)
●  AWACS  Simulator  Racks  Wiring  -  BOM  Preparation,  providing  alternates  for  functional  components  &
Costing was done along with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design in Production.

6. Aeronautical Development Establishment (ADE)
● Rusthom II - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing was done along
with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design.
● Lakshya I System Integration - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing
was done along with SAP Updation.
● Nirbhay Loom Harness - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing was
done along with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design.

7. UTC Aerospace Systems
●  BTR  48393  -  Smart  Display  Unit  ATP  Cable  -  BOM  Preparation,  providing  alternates  for  functional
components & Costing was done along with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design.
● MDCD Video Display - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing was
done along with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design.
● BOWMU Test Fixture - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing was
done along with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design.
● WWS Vibration Test Box - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing was
done along with SAP Updation.
● Test Jack J1 - BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing was done along
with SAP Updation.
● BTR Series- BOM Preparation, providing alternates for functional components & Costing was done along
with SAP Updation. This is an on-going design.

8.  Worked  on  orders  and  enquiries  of  major  customers  like  Boeing,  Dassault  Systems,  Hemair,  Rockwell
Collins,  Meggitt  PLC,  BAE  Systems,  Elbit  Systems,  BELL  Helicopter  USA,  HAL,  DRDL,  Israel  Aerospace
Industries, Rafael Defense Systems, Thales Aerospace Limited, and VTI Instruments.

Basic Key Result Areas of current job:

• Float RFQ'S for the requirements raised by the customer
• Design & Develop drawings for production of the product
• Preparation of Bill of Materials against drawings
• Identification & Selection of functional components
• Estimation of cost of components & tools
• Direct support to process engineering & manufacturing
• Provide solutions for process hindrances
• Provide alternates for components
• Support for installation/fitting of electrical harnesses
• Closely associated in uploading various datum into SAP
• To identify & monitor implementation of new systems & Technologies for continual improvement
• Documentation

EDUCATION

B.E.
Anna University - Chennai, Tamil Nadu

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Skills
Operating Systems; Windows
Programming Language; HTML, C, C++, OOPs, LINUX, Lua, SAP
General; MS Office, AutoCAD, Visio, MATLAB, Verilog, VHDL, PSPICE software

Areas of Interest
Engineering Design, Product Engineering, Supply Chain Management & SAP

