Samantha Min

Product Engineer - DaVita Healthcare Partners

Collegeville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Samantha-Min/cbc6a0a4bb134061

WORK EXPERIENCE

Product Engineer / Manager
DaVita Healthcare Partners - June 2013 to Present

Drive digital product design and development in sync with key stakeholders, top executives and agencies to
produce highest quality software and application tools for domestic and International channels. Support more
than 700K+ daily new users across multiple platforms; concurrently managing over 10+ International and 7+
domestic sites, and increased over 70% in conversion.

• Streamline IT functions by separating design tasks, training new leadership and implementing best practices
resulting in savings in excess of $1.8M.
• Communicate design concepts and development methodologies managing technical and creative direction
to drive effective business solutions (www.dialysiscenter.com).
• Perform project analysis, content management, and usability acceptance testing to provide valuable data to
support business objectives.
• Conduct in-depth technical analysis of all digital products, including information architecture, content strategy,
user acceptance testing, training and documentation.
• Mentor, motivate and lead employees from cross-functional teams.
• Supervised 46+ projects of various scope and size, meeting budget and deadline requirements resulting in
a 96% success rate.

Web Developer / Project Manager
DaVita Kidney Care - June 2009 to June 2013

Procured  new  business  acquisitions  by  transitioning  from  outdated  organization-wide  and  departmental
technologies  to  highly  functional,  streamlined,  and  cost-effective  client-server  technologies  and  business
solutions that have dramatically improved efficiency, decreased expenses, and optimized search engine.

• Designed social media tools to drive registration capturing 200K+ registrants and increased over 30% in
conversion.
• Generated $1.2M+ in savings by redesigning digital products and converted 70% traffic to mobile platforms
(www.dialysisfinder.com and www.davita.com).
• Documented application pages and mobile optimization to improve Information Architecture and Content
Strategy.
•  Recognized  for  successfully  executing  70+  projects  of  various  size  ahead  of  schedule  meeting  budget
requirements.
•  Designed  modern  interactive  User  Interfaces,  wireframes  and  prototypes  conducting  User  Experience
research.

Software Engineer / Project Manager
Building Safety Solutions - October 2007 to January 2009

Technical project lead communicating marketing strategies, software application design and development to
create state-of-the-art software products.

• Provided leadership and guidance operating as a liaison to the Marketing and Information Technology teams
to support inter-departmental synergy.
• Developed testing plans to ensure new software quality
• Demonstrated technology support and introduced new technologies to key commercial property management
firms.
• Developed product enhancements, demonstrated product usability and guidance presenting new features
and performance to high profile account administrators.

Graphic Designer / Project Manager
Berry and Homer - March 2005 to August 2006

Ensured project success by managing high profile client relationships and cross-functional team collaboration
• Managed project development and promotional events.
• Prepared product requirements and produced large print and digital media.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Multimedia and Web Design
Art Institute of Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Project Management, User Experience, User Interface Design, Information Architecture, Content Strategy,
Marketing Optimization, Web Optimization, Search Engine Optimization, Silverpop, Marketo, Google Analytics,
Responsive  Web  Design,  Photoshop,  Illustrator,  InDesign,  Dreamweaver,  HTML,  HTML5,  CSS,  CSS3,
JavaScript, Sass, JSON, XML, MySQL, PHP

