Sierra Butcher

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sierra-Butcher/50b365bd10d78726

Work in an environment that embraces diversity and allows me to make a positive contribution to the overall
success of the company.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Student Researcher in the The Interdisciplinary Research Experience in Hyperspectral
Imaging (IDREHSI) program
UNIVERSITY OF NORTHERN IOWA  -  Cedar Falls, IA - May 2013 to July 2013

Worked on specific project using nanomaterials. The Interdisciplinary Research Experience in Hyperspectral
Imaging (IDREHSI) program is the National Science Foundation's REU site that focuses on introducing young
scientists to a highly interdisciplinary research environment with a unifying theme of fundamental and applied
research in hyperspectral imaging.

Advanced  Membranes  Intern  for  the  Department  of  Chemical  and  Bimolecular
Engineering
CLEMSON UNIVERSITY  -  Clemson, SC - May 2011 to July 2011

Worked with two graduate student mentors and participated in a team effort designed to create a reusable
magnetite incorporated polyurethane sponge for the purpose of controlling pore size magnetically for multiple
filtrations.  Studied  the  attempts  and  outcomes  of  previous  researchers'  projects  using  similar  chemicals.
Created an abstract of data collected, procedures and chemicals used. Attended 21st Annual North American
Membrane Society (NAMS) Conference in Las Vegas, NV.

EDUCATION

BA
Delaware State University - Dover, DE

High School Diploma
Brandywine High School - Wilmington, DE

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: Delaware Army National Guard
Rank: E-6
May 2015 to Present
Officer Candidate School Student
Attend drills one weekend per month. Work on personal fitness and leadership courses

GROUPS

National Society Of Black Engineers (NSBE)
August 2013 to Present

We envision a world in which engineering is a mainstream word in homes and communities of color, and
all  Black  students  can  envision  themselves  as  engineers.  In  this  world,  Blacks  exceed  parity  in  entering
engineering fields, earning degrees, and succeeding professionally That is why NSBE's mission is to increase
the number of culturally responsible Black Engineers who excel academically, succeed professionally and
positively impact the community."

