Sokun Shah

Software Engineer - Molina Healthcare, Inc

Dresher, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sokun-Shah/66b99e47df2a260b

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
Molina Healthcare, Inc  -  Trenton, NJ - May 2010 to Present

Lead and implement a major migration project to convert database from SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server
2008 R2. This comprised of converting DTS packages to SSIS packages, modified scripts and agent jobs.
Conducted  unit  and  parallel  tests.  Proactively  monitor  and  compare  data  elements  across  four  servers  to
ensure smooth execution in production. Write implementation plan and document technical information for
SSIS packages.
• Responsible for process which loads data from an IBM Mainframe to the pharmacy point-of-sale system.
This includes SQL Loader, Unix Scripting, FTP, Mainframe COBOL, DB2, and OS/JCL.
• Responsibility includes design and implementation of a real time statewide pharmacy point-of-sale system
(primary pharmacy Medicaid claims) written in ProCOBOL, 'C', and Pro*C that accesses an Oracle database,
based on a multi-processor Unix system.
• Provide guidance and training to new POS team members.
• Familiar with HIPAA pharmacy transaction format NCPDP D0.
• Processing of system modification requests for specific change orders to the system. This includes analysis
of  project,  modifying  of  code,  preparation  of  all  test  plans  for  presentation  to  State  customer  review  and
implementation into production.
•  Demonstrates  problem-solving  and  critical  thinking  in  proactively  researching,  identifying,  and  proposing
corrective actions for a series of processing problems and issues in the pharmacy POS Solaris UNIX system
and associated mainframe interactions.
• Serves as liaison to keep State customer continually informed of all significant production issues and any
requests for necessary production downtimes.

Business/Programmer Analyst
Unisys  -  Trenton, NJ - November 2004 to May 2010

Met with customer areas and end users within the organization to gather requirements
• Conducted research, analysis, and design to enhance systems using ProCOBOL, Oracle database, UNIX
scripts ( the same skill set as above with Molina Healthcare Inc.)
• Prepared project plans, specifications, and estimates
• Researched and evaluated the impacts on the users and other systems
• Managed projects and made sure the projects completed on time and by all required specifications.

Business Analyst
TReND  -  King of Prussia, PA - December 2003 to October 2004

Gathered requirements and documented general and technical specifications for Multi-Listing Service System
(Web application) using Front-Page, HTML, MS Project, and VISIO
• Created new business process to facilitate the flow of projects. This helped tracking the project of any changes
in termed of requirements and time. The process ensured smooth execution of projects. This saved company
time and money.

Business Systems Delivery Specialist
Aetna/US Healthcare  -  Fort Washington, PA - September 1997 to December 2002

Enhanced Group Health Insurance systems via batch and online processing.
• Worked on major project which converted Group Information from IDMS database to DB2
• Conducted research, analysis, design, programming, testing, and production elevations using COBOL, DB2,
CCF/ENDEVOR
• Provided support for the Prudential migration processing system which used Visual Basic, SAS, and Access
Database
• Supported Front-End Enrollment Systems
• Provided production support for ad hoc requests using EZTRIEVE and EXCEL

Programmer Analyst
The Prudential  -  Fort Washington, PA - May 1989 to May 1997

Lead and implemented projects during all phases of the system life cycle (SDLC)
• Supported large volume of insured Health Insurance Systems daily claims processing via batch and online
• Conducted research, analysis, design, code, and test for Admin Systems (Tool used: COBOL, DB2, SPUFI,
QMF, PANVALET)
• Prepared functional, program, test specifications, and conducted code walkthroughs

Programmer Analyst
Colonial Penn Data Group Inc  -  Trooper, PA - August 1985 to April 1989

Participated in the new development of Property and Casualty Underwriting System residing on IBM compatible
PCs and networked to Honeywell mainframes
• Interfaced with clients to gather requirement, wrote functional, design, and programming specifications
• Developed programs involved in all phases of system implementation of the projects.
• Provided support and training for end-users of the new and enhanced system

EDUCATION

Cittone Institute - Plymouth Meeting, PA
July 2003

B.S. in Computer Science
Arcadia University - Glenside, PA
May 1985

A.A.S. in Data Processing
Montgomery County Community College - Blue Bell, PA
July 1983

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Results,  detail,  and  team  oriented  hands-on  professional  with  versatile  business  and  technical  knowledge
in  application  and  database  development.  Extensive  years  of  experience  in  healthcare  IT  fields  most  of
which in Medicaid management Information System (MMIS). Proficient in Unix scripting, SQL loader, Import/
Export,  IBM  mainframe,  DB2,  and  OS/JCL.  Lead  and  implement  a  project  which  migrates  Database  from
SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2008 R2. Proficient in understanding Recipient, Eligibility, Provider, claim,
payment, and fulfillment data/processing. Work on Solaris Unix platform with Oracle databases, with a variety
of application programming languages (Pro Cobol, Pro C, Micro Focus Cobol-IT, SQL, and others). Possesses

strong  analytical  and  decision  making  skills  coupled  with  excellent  written  and  verbal  communication  and
team work skills. Experience in gathering requirements, developing project proposal and estimates, designing
and implementing projects. Interacts with various business areas such as DBA, end users/customers, and
Production Control to ensure smooth execution of projects

