Somnath Parida

Senior Test Automation Engineer - CapitalOne 360

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Somnath-Parida/1b6d91a9eb23bcea

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Sponsorship required to work in the US

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Test Automation Engineer
CapitalOne 360  -  Wilmington, DE - June 2014 to Present

Project: EASE
This project aims at building a Single Page Application using AngularJS which will have all the different Line
of businesses and products integrated and accessible from the same page and provide seamless navigation
between different systems with the same look and feel, enhancing the User Experience. This project uses
ATDD (Acceptance Test Driver Development) software development lifecycle.

Tools  &  Softwares  used:  AngularJS,  Java,  Cucumber-JVM,  Junit,  Cucumber-Ruby,  Protractor-Jasmine-
Cucumber.js, Gherkin, UFT HP Service Test, Soap UI Pro, RubyMine, Webstorm Intellij, Selenium Webdriver,
SVN Tortoise, Git Hub, QC ALM, NoSQL MongoDB, Sauce Labs, Postman.

Responsibilities:
●  Created  different  Test  Automation  Frameworks  as  Proof  of  Concept  for  Web  UI  and  Middleware
(Orchestration)  Rest  Services  Layer  using  different  tools  like  Cucumber-JVM,  Cucumber-Ruby  with  Page
objects  and  WATIR,  Protractor-Cucumber.js,  UFT  HP  Service  Test  and  SOAP  UI  Pro  (finally  sticking  to
Cucumber-JVM).
● Reviewing and grooming user stories along with the Product Owner, BSA and the Scrum Team.
● Assisting PO and BSA to create Gherkin scenarios as part of user story's Acceptance criteria which becomes
the base for creating the ATDD Automation test scripts.
● Creating Feature files and Step definitions (test scripts), page objects, utility classes and methods using
Cucumber, Java, Selenium WebDriver and Junit.
● Checking in automation scripts in GitHub, reviewing and merging pull requests from other team members,
facilitating automated Smoke and Regression testing on CI build using Jenkins.
● Running Manual and automated E2E tests for Web UI and Middleware (Orchestration) Rest Services Layer.
● Performing Manual and Automated Device testing (Mobile/Tablets) using Sauce Labs.
● Performing Customer Activity logging (audit logging) using NoSQL MongoDB.
● Analyzing the SureFire and Jenkins test result reports and debugging/fixing in case of any code issue.
● Reporting and capturing the defects in Jira and following up with the developers to fix the same.
● Resource on boarding and knowledge transition to new resources.

Automation Test Lead
Tata Consultancy Services Ltd  -  Newark, DE - November 2011 to June 2014

This  is  a  web  based  application  being  build  using  a  three  tier  architecture  using  Agile  Methodologies  of
software development to provide a quality software product to cater to the latest requirements of the 'Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency' for JPMorgan Chase Bank. It includes intense rules and validations based
capturing of data for Customer Verification, Product and Country due diligence, Ownership capturing, Related
party due diligence and screening, due diligence for direct and indirect association with OFAC countries.

Tools  &  Softwares  used:  Cucumber,  Gherkin,  Java,  Selenium  WebDriver,  Junit,  Eclipse,  GitHub,  SQL
Developer, QC ALM, Jira, SOAP UI Pro, Oracle.
Responsibilities:
● Grooming the automation stories to understand the automation requirements.
● Creating the Cucumber feature files with the required Gherkin scenarios and reviewing the same with the
team.
● Creating the step definitions and test classes to run the Cucumber features using Selenium Webdriver,
Java and Junit.
●  Creating  Utility  classes,  reusable  methods  and  page  objects  (using  Page  Factory)  for  code  reusability,
maintainability and simplicity.
● Refactoring and debugging the test script issues using break points.
● Checking in automation scripts in GitHub, reviewing and merging pull requests from other team members,
facilitating automated CI Regression testing using Jenkins jobs.
● Analyzing the maven SureFire test reports and validating the validity of the failures.
● Creating Test Suite and Test Cases in Soap UI Pro for testing the Rest Service calls.
● Execution of Integration and Regression Test Scripts in Quality Center.
● Promptly logging and reporting the bugs found during testing to the developers by capturing them in Jira
and assigning to the respective developer.
● Making sure that the definition of 'Done' is met for all the stories and the sprint.
● Resource on boarding and knowledge transition to new resources.

ETL QA Lead
JP Morgan Chase Bank - May 2011 to October 2011

Project: Cards Data Warehouse Remodeling (Data Migration using Informatica)
This is a Data Warehouse Remodeling project wherein the existing system which used Abinito & Tivoli for
data  extraction,  transformation  and  loading  is  being  replaced  by  Informatica  Power  Center  and  ControlM.
The  project's  scope  also  includes  a  complete  remodeling  of  the  existing  Data  Warehouse  with  the  re-
implementation of Data Modeling, Staging, Integration and Semantic layers.
The project also includes automation of the process using QTP and Performance testing using Load Runner.
Tools  &  Softwares  used:  Informatica  Power  Center,  ControlM,  Teradata,  QC  ALM,  SQL,  Abinitio,  Tivoli,
WinSCP, Unix, Perl Script, Putty, QTP.

Responsibilities:
● Coordinating and managing a team of six testers located onshore and offshore.
● Arranging review sessions from the BAs, SMEs and data modelers for different applications so that the team
has proper understanding of the requirements and scope.
● Creating Test Plan and Test Strategy and reviewing the same with the Client.
● Making a note of the Impediments faced by the team and addressing the same with the help of the project
management team.
● Reviewing and verifying the technical specification document, SQL DDLs, DMLs.
● Creating test scenarios and test cases for SOR staging, Integration and Semantic Layers in Test Plan and
Test lab in Quality Center ALM.
● Reviewing the test scenarios prepared by other team members.
● Running the test scenario review with the client and taking signoff on the same.
● Assigning testing tasks within the team members and tracking the progress on individual tasks
● Deploying the Informatica label and ControlM XMLs in the QA environment.
● Creating test data using ABInitio and maintaining the test files and test data in the UNIX server.
● Verifying the Informatica Mapings, Maplets, Transformations and Workflows.
● Verifying the ControlM XMLs and ordering the jobs to run the workflows.

● Running SQL Queries on Teradata database and verifying if the data is loaded to the respective target
tables and with the expected transformation.
● Creating and Executing automation scripts using Perl Script and raising defects for the issues found.
● Making sure that all the failed test cases are linked to the respective defects.
● Reviewing the defects raised by the team and following up on the critical defects with the development team.
● Provide daily status to the management team and weekly status to the Client for the project.
● Reviewing the Test Sprint status with client and getting signoff on the closure of the same.

Test Lead
Jira, Informatica Power Center - October 2010 to April 2011

Tools  &  Softwares  used:  QC  ALM,  Jira,  Informatica  Power  Center  (ETL),  ControlM,  Unix,  SQL,  Teradata,
Winscp, Abinitio, Tivoli, Oracle.

Responsibilities:
• Understand and analyze demands (requirements), follow up with business analysts and subject matter expert
team for any clarification, if required.
• Creation and Review of test conditions based on requirements, and getting sign-off on test conditions from
respective business analyst.
• Preparation of test scripts for Staging layer, Integration layer and Semantic layer.
• Preparing test data using the SQL DMLs present in the existing system which uses Abinitio.
• Analyzing the test environment readiness, Scheduling the ControlM jobs and monitoring the ETL workflows
using Informatica Workflow Monitor.
• Checking the Error logs in case of workflow failures and performing first level of debugging.
• Querying the source database/files and the target database to validate if the data transformation is done as
per the requirement.
• Execution of System Test and Regression Test Scripts using a customized automation tool build with Unix
Shell Scripting and validating if the data written in the target is as per the required transformation.
• Verifying if the Request-Response and Publish-Subscribe distribution XML messages are properly generated
with the correct data.
• Tracking defects in Jira, retesting defect once fixed and following up on them till closure.
• Maintain and update the regression test pack as per new functionality/changes released.
• Resource on boarding and knowledge transition to new resources.

Nexus Application Management
Siemens Information Systems Ltd - May 2007 to September 2010

Tools & Softwares used: QC, Jira, Unix, SQL, Oracle.

Roles & Responsibilities: Test Lead
● Co-ordinate with the Business Analysts and developers and do the Impact analysis.
● Design/Review the Test Cases for Integration testing, System testing and User Acceptance testing (ITL /
ATS).
● Creation of test coverage matrix based on requirements, and walk through on high level business scenarios
covered to client.
● Creation of Traceability Matrix for the assurance of complete coverage of system requirements.
● Execution of Integration Test and System Test Scripts.
● Find and analyze the defects, prepare the defect report in defect tracking tool and assign it to developer.
● Follow up with the developers and retest and close the fixed bugs.
● Run the Automated Regression test pack using QTP 9.0 and raise regression bugs if any.
Project: Accessibility Test Lab

Client: SAP Labs, India
Tools & Softwares used: QC, SAP Tutor, Jaws, Sap R3.
Roles & Responsibilities: Tester
● Testing and standardizing the basic Web Dynpro, SAP GUI and Net Weaver UI elements
● Perform integration testing once the individual elements are integrated together.
● Work closely with Web Dynpro, SAP GUI, Adobe and Net Weaver developers and provide inputs to enhance
the accessibility feature of the individual elements.
● Work with JAWS (Job Access with Speech) tool to Test the elements/applications/portals/PDF forms.

QC
Siemens Information Systems Ltd - August 2006 to April 2007

Jira, Unix, SQL, Oracle, MS Excel, MS Word.
Roles & Responsibilities: Tester
● Analyze the Scope document and Design the Test Cases for Integration testing, Regression testing and
User Acceptance testing (ITL / ATS).
● Monitor and control test environment setup with the help of infrastructure and development team.
● Planning resource utilization and task distribution in test team
● Execution of System & Integration Test and Regression Test Scripts.
● Find and analyze the defects, prepare the defect report in defect tracking tool and assign it to developer.

Software Tester
Convergys  -  IN - May 2006 to August 2006

Reviewing the Functional Specification document.
● Creating Test scenarios and test cases based on the functional specification document.
● Executing the test cases and report bugs for the defects found while testing.
● Reporting the daily status to the Test lead.

Software Engineer
Sakar Solutions  -  IN - August 2004 to April 2006

Developing an intermediate layer between the UI and the database using Java.
● Writing utility classes and functions, fixing build issues.
● Writing unit tests for the written code.
● Debugging and fixing code issues.
● Code review team member's code.
● Provided development status reports to the team lead on a daily basis.

EDUCATION

Post Graduate Diploma in Business Administration
Welingkar Institute of Management Research and Development - Mumbai, Maharashtra

Bachelor's in Electronics
Pune University - Pune, Maharashtra

SKILLS

Cucumber (3 years), Java (3 years), JUnit (3 years), Selenium (3 years), Git (2 years), SQL (4 years),
SoapUI (2 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

I'm currently on H1B visa and can work on C2C.

