SURAAJ CHARANKAR

Project Engineer

North Wales, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/SURAAJ-CHARANKAR/c0b6bc01e9cc00f6

Seeking an opportunity in field of Industrial Engineering, Supply Chain/Logistics and Project Management.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Engineer
Semikron Inc.  -  Hudson, NH - November 2008 to Present

-  Primary  responsibility  of  Project  Management.  My  job  is  to  ensure  that  all  electrical  based  projects  are
completed safely, within schedule and budget from start to end.
- In doing so, act as a liaison to Operations, Manufacturing and Engineering & Sales. Address and trouble
shoot different issues faced during day-to-day activities on projects.
- As a Design Engineer, managing mechanical aspect of projects like creating production drawings and bill
of materials using Solidworks and AutoCAD and handling all engineering documentation as per TS 16949
environment as well ISO: 9001 standards.
- Working actively on Design and Development of New Products (NPDP), which incorporates processes from
creating a new product from conceptual stage until the product launch.
- Assisting in quality control related projects involving FMEA and finding Root Cause Analysis.

Industrial Engineer/Project Engineer
Operation Concepts Inc  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - April 2008 to November 2008

-  Implemented  fundamentals  of  Industrial  Engineering  and  Operation  Research  in  various  companies  on
different projects.
-  Applied  and  implemented  concepts  like  Time  Studies,  Work  Measurement,  Line  Balancing,  Forecasting,
Material Flow Analysis, Value Stream Mapping, Six Sigma- (DMAIC) & Facilities design.
- Software experiences in AutoCAD, Ms Visio, Ms Access, Ms Excel and Minitab.
-  Secondary  responsibility  involved  overseeing  day  to  day  project  activites,  project  bidding,  sending  out
proposals and efficient costing.

- General Electric (Wind Energy Division), Erie, PA - Gearbox production facility: Provided future conceptual
layouts in designing new facility, Conducted Material Flow Analysis, and recommended new material handling
equipments based on forecasting of production demand.

- Scientific Design Inc., Little Ferry, NJ - Catalyst Manufacturing Plant: Re-engineering of the manufacturing
process to achieve efficiency. Conducted Time Studies to eliminate bottlenecks in the process and performed
project costing. Gained experience while conducting Vendor Evaluation and did qualification of the supplier
while creating RFP/RFQ's for procurement of the new equipment.

- Munters Corporation, Buena Vista, VA - HVAC Equipments production facility: Scheduling, Data Management
& Value Stream Mapping using MS Access, MS Project, and MS Visio. Performed Time Studies and Assembly
Line Balancing
ADDITONAL EXPERIENCE

Project Intern- Bachelors Curriculum
Larsen & Toubro Ltd  -  Mumbai, Maharashtra - May 2004 to May 2005

- Implemented concepts like Value Engineering, Six Sigma, and Lean Manufacturing using Six Thinking Hats
through continuous improvement projects in a team environment.
- Standardized designs and Improved quality by providing successful Eco-Friendly Packing Design.
- Created a database, which monitored the validation and calibration of all inventory products using KANBAN
System (Inventory Management).
- Applied DMAIC methodology for improving the sigma level using Statistical Process Control and Statistical
Quality Control Techniques for a product.

Engineer Trainee- Bachelors Curriculum
Larsen & Toubro Ltd  -  Mumbai, Maharashtra - June 2001 to December 2001

- Worked in four different departments (Switchgear division) of the company.
- Assisted in designing innovative products and process improvements in planning department.
- Worked as a Press Operator in Press and Molding Shop and worked on projects to improve their throughput
efficiency and production.
- Performed equipment installation checks and validations on new equipments
- Worked with R & D Department for new product development method (NPDP).

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Industrial Engineering
State University of New York at Buffalo - Buffalo, NY
January 2006 to January 2008

Bachelor in Engineering in Mechanical Engineer
University of Mumbai, India - Mumbai, Maharashtra
January 2002 to January 2005

SKILLS

AutoCAD, Soliworks, Project Management, Ms Project, Ms Access, SQL, Six Sigma, Time Studies, VSM,
Lean

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS

Industrial Skills: Conducting Time Studies, Project management, Facility/Warehouse Concept Designing, Six
Sigma (DMAIC), Vendor Evaluation, Value Stream Mapping.
Computer Skills: MS Visio, Ms Project, AutoCAD, Solidworks, Simulation-ARENA, Rhino-3D, Pro-E, Minitab,
Ms Office/Windows, C++, VB.
- 8 years of Strong Academic Background, 2+ years of diversified Industrial experience.
- Good project planning skills, and problem solving abilities.
- Quick-Learner, Hardworking, and Dedicated team person. (Studying for CPIM Certification)

