Thomas Gentry

Software Engineer - ANSWERNET

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Thomas-Gentry/40f2c58975d8a406

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
ANSWERNET  -  Willow Grove, PA - September 2013 to Present

Design and develop both internal and consumer facing software for one of the nation's leading Telephone
Answering and Business Process Outsourcing providers.

Achievement Highlights:
Inherited a monolithic Ruby on Rails prototype and developed it into SA Billing, the billing system now used
internally in our 28 different call center locations and sold as a service.
Wrapped untested inherited code in tests before continuing development using TDD.
Translated obscure code from multiple phone switches to help the company understand how our billing was
being calculated.
Designed and developed a secure, customer facing payment gateway.
Added the ability to use multiple messaging providers (Twilio, Zipwhip, TSG) to Textgen, an application that
automates interactive SMS conversations between brands and their consumers.
Lead development on both SA Billing and Textgen.

Affiliate Marketer
EAGLE WEB ASSETS / NEVERBLUE - March 2009 to September 2013

Generated leads for advertisers using a mix of Web Development, Search Engine Optimization, Social Media
Marketing, Media Buying and Mailing.

Achievement Highlights:
Developed creative methods for generating traffic and leads that converted to sales.
Understood and kept current on Google's search engine ranking algorithm.
Created Facebook applications to help companies learn about their potential customers.
Ran successful media buying campaigns using Google AdWords and Bing Ads.
Wrote both desktop and web applications to automate tedious processes.
Did extensive keyword research to learn where to focus efforts.
Developed a web application to analyze incoming traffic and route it accordingly.
Used on-site and off-site SEO to rank web pages for high competition keywords.
Built and maintained targeted lists of email subscribers.

