Tiana Lewis Fraser

Industrial Engineer, Lean Six Sigma Trainer, Query Writer, Process Improvement Guru

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tiana-Lewis-Fraser/9f39dd430f065865

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Industrial Engineer Consultant
CVS Health  -  Lumberton, NJ - May 2012 to Present

May 2012-Present
•  Create  and  maintain  labor  management  standards  for  700  associates  in  3  shift  operation  for  largest
distribution center
• Lead advising process engineer for E-commerce enterprise initiative
• Prepare and generate weekly logistics update to include financial comparisons to projections and budgets
for entire network
• Created MS Access based associate tracking database that included permissions for specific security levels,
auto-creation of reports and forms, and established an easily repeatable process for network implementation.
• Perform engineering analysis for continuous improvement projects in logistics network
• Conduct surveys for key business holders to improve efficiencies
• Develop standard operating procedure for all process changes.
• Conduct cost justification analysis for network improvement initiatives

Industrial Engineer
Transfreight  -  Wilmington, DE - October 2011 to January 2012

Created a new database system to facilitate information storage migration from Excel to Access
• Introduced system automation to a 1200 part Bill of Materials packaging management sheet.
• Developed SQL based program to manipulate and monitor data used for tracking project progress.

Logistics Engineer
Coty, INC  -  Sanford, NC - March 2010 to August 2011

for reverse logistics process used as an international company standard designed to reduce footprint by 75%,
eliminate use of 3rd party logistics provider, achieve $1.5 M in annual savings, and be fully integrated in an
8 month time frame.
• Re-Engineered processes for customer crediting in a pre-existing application to reduce cycle time from 1
week to 1 day.
Coordinated  with  lead  supervisors  to  create  standard  operating  procedures  and  developed  key  process
indicators to ensure production employees were working to pace.
• Organized third party vendors, contractors, and computer programmers to complete $150K project on time
and under budget.
• Created schedules and time lines to achieve goals within company, safety, and ergonomic industry standards,
including safety inspections, security inspections, and chemical handling inspections.
•  Trained  all  end  users  of  system  upgrades  and  warehouse  management  systems  including  managers,
supervisors, team leads and floor workers, with Standard Operating Procedure documentation.
• Implemented new order picking standards that increased order completion accuracy, minimized audit needs,
increased shipping accuracy for outbound dock operations, and created individual key performance measures
for floor workers.
• Designed new internal processing facility including floor plans, work station design and set up, and warehouse
management integration

For additional skills and information, please visit:
www.linkedin.com/pub/tiana-s-lewis-fraser/3b/436/362/

industrial engineer
About
Industrial  Engineering  professional  with  5  years  of  facility  design  and  process  implementation.  Project
management  experience  involving  multi-million  dollar  savings  for  international  companies  across  multiple
business streams. Seeking employment to further utilize and build knowledge of industry in an engineering
related field.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Industrial and Systems Engineering
North Carolina State Univ - Raleigh, NC
April 2010

SKILLS

Statistic modeling, Microsoft Word/ Access/Excel 
Value Stream Mapping, Microsoft Visio/ SharePoint 
Database building, SolidWorks / AutoCad 2010 
Project management, Lean / Six Sigma training 
SQL Querying, Financial planning models 
VBA (Visual Basic), Labor Management Standards

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/pub/tiana-s-lewis-fraser/3b/436/362/

