W Robert Brown

Human Resources Professional

Langhorne, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/W-Robert-Brown/b20f0f802e5023c6

Certified  Strategic  Senior  Human  Resource  Professional  with  expertise  balancing  bottom  line  goals  with
effective Human Capital management. Adept in directing domestic multi-location, full spectrum departments.
Noted for the ability to bring best Human Resource practices to companies while streamlining processes and
dollars spent. Facilitates interdepartmental partnerships with an impactful yet collaborative implementation of
high standards and government regulations. AREAS OF EXPERTISE • Employee/Labor Relations • Training &
Development • Process Improvement • Employment & Labor Law • Compensation/Benefits • EEO/AA/Diversity
• Recruitment & Employment • Performance/Talent Management • Payroll • HR Policy Design

WORK EXPERIENCE

Human Resources Generalist/Consultant
Fashion Institute of Technology  -  New York, NY - September 2011 to Present

Human Resources Generalist focused on recruitment and employee relations.

Human Resources Business Partner
BURLINGTON COAT FACTORY  -  Burlington, NJ - December 2008 to March 2010

Burlington, NJ December 2008 - March 2010
Human Resources Business Partner
Provided corporate business level input to the development of human capital strategies; drove, influenced and
implemented people strategies that supported and aligned with business requirements. Linked Merchandizing
Division's priorities and needs with the organization's strategies through employee engagement, management
training, performance management, workforce planning and succession management, organizational design,
recruitment and retention and change management.

Human Resources Manager
RIGHT MANAGEMENT  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2007 to November 2008

Business  partner  and  resource  for  North  America  on  HR  strategies  that  assist  the  organization  in  driving
business results and sustaining growth. Advisor to management on benefits, policy and procedures, regulatory,
organizational development, performance management training and employee relations.
Accomplishments
• Implemented Success Factors on line performance management system to provide consistency and accurate
reportable data, to replace paper driven system, trained employees on using new system
• Developed job descriptions, performed job analysis and market comparisons to create salary ranges and a
compensation process, where none existed
• Developed revised Employee Handbook to more accurately reflect current policy
• Assisted in the implementation of a new benefits/human resources information system, where none existed 
W. Robert Brown, Phr

Human Resources Manager/Director
MCKESSON/STERLING MEDICAL SERVICES  -  Moorestown, NJ - 2004 to 2007

Managed HR/Payroll function with 5 staff members for 350 employees, and provided strategic consultation
to line managers in the areas of benefits, recruitment, employee relations, training, internal communications,
change management, policy development, legal compliance, payroll, and compensation.

Accomplishments
• Created and implemented an employee newsletter, handbook and new policies and procedures to enhance
communication and provide consistent and fair processes.
• Completed job analysis and job mapping to new organization's job titles assuring compliance to positions
company wide.
• Designed new employee performance appraisal system and provided management training, to promote a
more consistent and timely evaluation process.
•  Established  a  new  recruiting  philosophy  for  the  company  resulting  in  savings  of  $150,000  in  permanent
placement costs within the first year.
• Saved 20% in annual company benefit premiums while enhancing the benefits available to employees.
• Decreased payroll processing expense by 25% year one without affecting delivery standards by transitioning
from Ceridian to ADP.
• Developed a compensation plan with salary ranges and job analysis for each position, creating a market
based system and internal equity.
• Awarded a $300K+ training grant for customer service and leadership development. The state grant was
awarded based on a grant application generated through HR.
• Established an Employee Recognition Program to reward employees for their year of dedicated service,
resulting in an increase in employee satisfaction and engagement.

Regional Human Resources Manager
CHART ONE, INC  -  Langhorne, PA - 2002 to 2003

Provided human resource support by serving as a Business Partner and consultant to all levels of management
within multiple sites containing upwards of 500 employees (union and non union); provided employee/labor
relations and benefit management support; leadership and coaching to management and staff; facilitated and
administered performance management including performance improvement plans; administered discipline
process; supported the development and implementation of HR policies and procedures; facilitated employee
development and training.

Human Resources Talent Manager
AMTRAK  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2001 to 2002

Talent management position responsible for providing guidance in the application of federal and state laws
relating to employment, recruiting/ promotional practices, compensation/benefits, and counsel to employees.

NEW JERSEY TRANSIT CORPORATION, Newark, NJ
Employee Relations Manager/ Compensation Analyst, Payroll Manager
Progressed through a series of increasingly responsible positions that yielded an excellent general and diverse
background of functions within the organization.

EDUCATION

MS
Central Michigan University

BS in Business Administration
College of New Jersey - Trenton, NJ

