Wayne Tucker

Software Engineer / Quality Assurance

Cheltenham, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Wayne-Tucker/ad0e3261c5e12855

A  successful  IT  Professional  with  over  25  years  of  experience  monitoring,  supporting,  developing,
implementing  and  improving  strategic  business  systems  in  the  Telecommunication  Industry.  A  seasoned
QA specialist with emphasis on Quality Assurance and System Testing. A results driven team player who
helps  increase  company  revenue  by  supporting  the  delivering  of  defect  free  applications,  product  sales
and  enhancement  of  the  customer  experience.  Experienced  in  the  use  of  cutting-edge  technology  and
IT  Methodology  to  deliver  multi-million  dollar  projects.  A  highly  motivated  team  player  with  excellent  time
management, analytical, communication, documentation, multi-tasking and decision making skills.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer / Quality Assurance
Verizon Communication

Year 2000 to 2015
•  Prepared  test  plans,  test  conditions,  test  scenario  and  performed  test  execution  based  on  system  and
business requirements.
• Executing test cases and document test results and defects.
• Provided test metrics and documentations to executive team reporting application impacting errors.
• Worked directly with onshore and offshore IT and Client Teams.
• Understanding complex design requirements.
• Created and performed execution of regression and maintenance test cases.
• Documenting group processes and upgrades.
• Interacting with all teams involved in the software development life cycle including development, production
support, design, environment, requirements and client team.
• Attended various types of conference calls including design walkthrough, software deployment, escalation,
status and executive project review.
Work Related Systems

Products MS SharePoint

for test case loading, tracking and execution
• Microsoft Office Suite of Products including Excel and Word
• IBM Lotus Notes Connect

Computer Console Operator
Verizon

Customer Service Representative - Verizon

A member of the Board of Directors for Cheltenham Achievers Network
Current Accomplishments & Corporate Citizenship

Served as a volunteer on the Verizon Community Outreach Program.

EDUCATION

Central High School

Associates in Management Information Systems
Philadelphia College of Textiles and Science

