Anthony Ruger

SIEM Advanced Level Support Engineer - Intel Security Inc

Hatboro, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anthony-Ruger/256769d3ed32c8eb

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

SIEM Advanced Level Support Engineer
Intel Security Inc  -  Plano, TX - May 2013 to Present

Promotion  to  Advanced  level  customer  support  of  N.  America  SIEM  Business  Unit  (Intel  Security  formally
known as MacAfee Security). Job responsibilities included: ownership and management of advanced level
customer service request ticket escalations. Ticket management duties include diagnosing, troubleshooting
ticket issues and providing the solutions to resolve ticket issues. Also, was responsible for knowledge base
documentation  of  ticket  resolutions,  training  material  for  internal  support  teams  and  supportability  docs
requested from customer forum websites. Additionally, ticket duties included post-sale configuration assistance
which often included building custom audit, cyber threat security reports, the creation of custom correlation
and event parsing rules.

Key Achievements:
* Multiple customer service recognition awards.
* Multiple internal service recognition awards.
* Instrumental in developing internal training initiative for Tier 1 level support teams.

Tier 3 SIEM Support Engineer
NitroSecurity Inc  -  Idaho Falls, ID - March 2009 to May 2013

NitroSecurity SIEM was purchased by McAfee Inc. owned by Intel (now is known as Intel Security SIEM).
Duties  were  very  similar  to  the  current  responsibilities  at  Intel  Security.  Job  responsibilities  included  the
ownership and management of advanced level service request ticket escalations. Ticket management duties
included: diagnosing, troubleshooting ticket issues and providing the solutions to resolve the ticket issues. Also,
was responsible for knowledge base documentation of ticket resolutions, documentation for internal training
sessions  (lower  tier  support  teams)  and  documentation  requests  from  internal  customer  forum  websites.
Additional  ticket  duties  included:  post-sale  configuration  assistance  which  often  provided  assistance  with
custom security reports and correlation event parsing rules. Hardware duties included: imaging, testing new
appliances, diagnoses for the repair of returned RMA equipment and internal administration of Sales demo
system.

Key Achievements:
* Training coordinator of support material supporting migration to McAfee. Included training manuals, instructed
training classes and authored dozens of supportability knowledge base articles.
* Selected to join hardware acceptance team of Intel SIEM hardware appliances to support migration from
NitroSecurity to McAfee branded hardware.

Support Engineer - Support Team Manager
Ripple Technologies Inc  -  Conshohocken, PA - July 1999 to March 2009

Spearheaded customer support department for startup software company that provided a Windows event log
management solution for Windows Active Directory servers. Duties also included assisting with custom alarms

and reports of critical security events. Duties included pre and post-sale customer support, pre-sale onsite
demonstrations, post-sale training instructor and eventual support team manager.

Key Achievements:
* Recognized for outstanding quality of customer service, numerous customer-support awards and personal
commendation from clients.
* Assisted in build the company of seven employees to increase up to thirty four which was eventual purchase
by NitroSecurity.
* Initiated purchase of database monitoring solution that attracted the missing piece in the NitroSecurity SIEM
product line.
* Created 200+ stock policy rules for critical security, system and application events.

IT Support Help Desk Technician
Ford Motor Co. Electronics Division  -  Lansdale, PA - May 1992 to March 1999

Provided Internal Helpdesk responsibilities to 3500 employee Electronics plant facilities. Managed 60% of
all computer modules installed in N. America new Ford motor vehicles. Various responsibilities included: PC
imaging replacement, networking issues, communications and cabling drops. Installed Fiber optics throughout
the plant. Assisted Engineering with new product line testing.

Key Achievements:
*  Selected  to  train  all  skilled  trade  technicians  safety  courses  while  supporting  high  impact  robotic
manufacturing equipment.
* Selected by Engineering to assist with new robotic manufacturing assembly line. This included programing
assembly code running robotic arms during evaluation and post-sale implementation stages of the project.

EDUCATION

Associate in Science
Bucks County Community College Newtown - Newtown, PA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Areas of Expertise:
• Advanced Level SIEM Product Support
• Ability to prepare and present IT Security compliance reports.
• Ensure security controls are properly administered and maintained.
• Address and resolve IT security event issues
• Familiarity with IT system file integrity monitoring tools.

• Network and Systems Security
• Assist with security incident response and forensic investigations.
• Assist with operational incidents and troubleshoot configuration settings.
• Inspect security configuration of IT systems.
• Report and escalate security events not in compliance with audit policies.

