Ashita Gandevia

Software Engineer

Chalfont, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashita-Gandevia/787f209717bb2ce3

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
Vatsalya Public School  -  Pune, Maharashtra - June 2014 to April 2015

Successfully developed project on School management using .net and MS Access as backend.
Developed several small useful applications for school administration work.
Coordinating installation of software system in the company.
Store, retrieve and manipulate data for analysis of system capabilities and requirements.
Successfully managed to train high school students for computer basics as well as computer specialization
concepts. 
Train students to use new software applications.
Teach students mathematical software application Geo Gebra as well as trained them to solve mathematical
algebraic and geometrical problem using it. 
Prepare reports of student growth.
Responsible for managing computer lab and creating lab assignments.
High degree of flexibility and ability to adapt to change in direction.
Excellent interpersonal, communication and documentation skills.
Strong collaboration and team building skill with proficiency at grasping new concepts.
Successfully completed the Computer Masti Annual Teacher Training 2014, from SINE IIT Bombay.

Software Engineer
Benz System  -  Pune, Maharashtra - October 2012 to January 2014

Successfully developed client required projects using .net and MS Access as backend.
Responsible for the development, implementation and support of the database.

Software QA Engineer
Zoon Infosoft IT & BS  -  Pune, Maharashtra - January 2011 to September 2012

Responsibilities
Responsible for writing test cases based on requirements.
Validated data in Target database according to business requirement
Producing test reports and defect reports.
Responsible for manual testing of HTML document for company’s internet sites pages.
Unit testing and integration testing of owned test cases.
Worked closely with development team.

Software QA Engineer
i-Solutions Provider Ltd  -  Surat, Gujarat - November 2009 to December 2010

Responsibilities
Responsible for writing test cases based on requirements.
Unit testing and integration testing of owned test cases.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Computer Application
Pune University
2013

Diploma in Electronics and Communication Engineering
ranker in Arihant college of Arts Science and Commerce - Gujarat, IN
2005

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

* Software Applications: MS-Office - Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook, Shockwave Flash Programming

