Brooke Bisaga

Project Engineer-Group Leader - DuPont, Capital Center-North America

Bensalem, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Brooke-Bisaga/6ff6ac9de86da7ea

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Engineer
DuPont, Capital Center-North America  -  Newark, DE - May 2013 to Present

• Group leader for North America Project Engineers.
•  Collaborate  with  all  DuPont  businesses  across  multiple  sites  to  manage  capital  programs  and  leverage
engineering resources.
• Successfully execute large capital projects, ranging from $500,000 to $10,000,000, through the corporate
Global Project System with a focus on delivering a quality outcome within cost and schedule.

Lead Civil Engineer
DuPont, Wilmington Office Bldg  -  Wilmington, DE - August 2008 to May 2013

• Managed the development of civil, structural and architectural design packages within the defined scope of
project parameters.
• Effectively coordinated between multiple disciplines and functions to ensure project objectives and goals.
• Collaborated and sought input from experienced civil and structural engineers to validate assumptions and
analysis for new and existing structures.
• Leveraged structural analysis and 3-D modeling software to perform required design in an efficient manner
• Utilized CAD software to create construction ready detailed drawings and specifications.
• Reviewed design, vendor and shop drawings for adequacy and quality.
•  Created,  updated  and  referenced  corporate  standards  and  specifications  on  projects  and  across  the
organization.

Facilities Engineer
DuPont, Marshall Laboratory  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2006 to June 2008

• Completed a number of capital construction projects with a wide range of scope and magnitude.
• Followed a detailed capital project process to ensure all projects were delivered within the scope and quality
expectations while monitoring and complying with the defined schedule and budget.

Transportation Design Co-op
Site Blauvelt Engineers, Inc  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - September 2005 to March 2006

Worked closely with transportation design engineers on traffic signalization and mast-arm signage projects.

Field Inspector
U.S. Engineering Laboratories, Inc  -  Broomall, PA - September 2004 to March 2005

Managed project tasks independently to inspect concrete, rebar, masonry, fireproofing, and soils.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA

2008

Bachelor of Science in Architectural Engineering, Concentration in Structural Design,
Minor in Art History
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
2008

SKILLS

SAP, AutoCAD, MicroStation, Microsoft Office

CERTIFICATIONS

EIT

Six Sigma Green Belt

