Bryan Stout

Program Supervisor/Senior Information Assurance Engineer

Medford, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Bryan-Stout/00e2b877b7d3e87f

Innovative, Information Technology professional, seeks the opportunity to advance and accept the challenge
of leading the way into the future of a technically relevant, secure and stable environment. Driven leadership
based on integrity with results as well as the ability to train and mentor employees. Ability to attain internal buy-
in and gain consensus around new initiatives and multiple projects through use of implementation and change
management processes with a proven track record of providing timely, accurate and cost savings results. A
professional with an extensive range of technical skills including, not limited to, strong troubleshooting skills
and the ability to rectify any issue. One who seeks continuous improvement and who has the ability to quickly
comprehend and retain. Customer facing aptitude and a knack of exhibiting technical information to all levels
of any organization with varying technical knowledge.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Program Supervisor/Senior Information Assurance Engineer
Engility Corporation  -  Lakehurst, NJ - July 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
*  Provide  software  Information  Assurance  (IA)  Officer  (IAO)  support  to  Aircraft  Launch  and  Recovery
Equipment (ALRE), Support Equipment (SE), or Research, Development, Test & Engineering (RDT&E).
* Applying Department of Defense (DoD) and Department of the Navy (DoN) IA and Information Security (IS)
policies and standards.
*  Assessing  system/software  risk  and  vulnerability;  developing  Information  Assurance  strategies;  defining
connectivity  and  interface  requirements;  preparing  IA  support  documentation  packages;  supporting  IA
integration;  and  performing  DoD  Information  Assurance  Certification  and  Accreditation  Process  (DIACAP)
packages and activities for programs and laboratories.
* Process/assess cross domain solution system of Radiant Mercury; ensuring DOD and DON IA and IS policies
and standards are met without loss of mission critical functionality.

Systems Admin/Team Lead
EHS Technologies  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2014 to July 2015

Responsibilities
** Serve as the Team Lead for Server Administration team responsible for Department of the Navy Information
Technology (IT) architecture including administration of Microsoft Windows Server 2008, 2008r2, 2012 and
2012r2, Disaster Recovery efforts, power management and storage solutions for the Virtual and Physical IT
environment.
**  Ensured  all  technical  operations  are  properly  planned,  managed,  and  executed  including  Server
Administration, software and application support as well as customer support at the NSWCCD Philadelphia
site.
** Use VMWare ESXi 5.5 host, VMWare vCenter 5.5 management tool and vSphere Client Version 5.5 to
monitor and troubleshoot both production and test environments.
** Ensure Cyber Security, Information Assurance and Certification and Accreditation (C&A) efforts are met
to the DOD provided standard for all Cyber Security Workforce equipment. This includes the use of Assured
Compliance Assessment Solution (ACAS) to monitor and report deficiencies within the organization.

** Performance analysis, architecting and deploying enterprise level IT solutions while providing solutions to
management for hardware and software evaluations, testing and recommendations.
** Establish, Update and implement IT policies and procedures to keep required documentation updated which
allows the Server Team provided direction to complete all tasks required in a timely fashion.
** Collects status reports from Server Administrators and provided a weekly report to management.

Systems Administrator
Sabre Systems Inc.  -  Lakehurst, NJ - March 2012 to August 2014

** Systems Administrator for the Aviation Data Management and Control System (ADMACS). ADMACS is a
tactical, real-time data management system connecting the air department, ship divisions and embarked staff
that manage Aircraft Launch and Recovery (ALRE) operations on CV/CVN ships. ADMACS communicates
aviation and command-related data elements across the ADMACS Local Area Network (LAN) and Integrated
Shipboard Network System (ISNS) that electronically display position and location of aircraft in flight and in
hangar decks.
** Systems Administration duties include installation, configuration and troubleshooting Windows Operating
Systems  and  Linux  Operating  Systems  in  a  client  –  server  environment.  Also  included  for  responsibilities
are design, installation, configuration, upgrading, troubleshooting issues, securing and performing backups to
the ADMACS System and RDTE Lab Network. The ADMACS System and RDTE Lab Network are used to
support developers, testers and configuration management engineering groups that build and provide support
for ADMACS. 
** Configure and maintain Radiant Mercury cross domain server support between classified and unclassified
domains.
**  Responsibilities  include  traveling  to  ships  for  application  and  implementation  of  information  systems
components  principles  and  methods  to  allow  for  seamless  installation  and  maintenance  of  software  and
hardware onboard the ships requiring ADMACS servers and clients.
** Document maintenance procedures for ship Maintainers. Document installation and build instructions used
in  support  of  the  ADMACS  clients,  servers  and  Radiant  Mercury  Servers.  Coordinate  with  Logistics  for
updates and changes to maintenance procedure documents. Provide fleet support to troubleshoot issues when
required.
** Coordinate ADMACS system build efforts between Hardware and Infrastructure teams to ensure both teams
are producing requirements as demanded.
** Coordinate efforts with Information Assurance to perform audits and ensure systems are updated, patched
and secured as in accordance with IA policy and procedure without jeopardizing of functionality of systems. 
** Analyze and auditing of system logs; reviewing Event Viewer as well as utilization of performance monitoring
tools to ensure operational status of system is functioning to optimum potential.
** Perform software requirements analysis of the operating systems (Windows and Linux) ADMACS utilizes to
provide engineering counterparts and management with detailed and accurate information used for program
movement decision making. As well as research new technologies and capabilities for implementation into
lab environment.
** Provide technical advice and professional suggestions for direction on systems and networked applications
of shipboard system to test engineering, configuration management and software development.
** Organize process and procedure for assigned projects and planning out scheduled tasks to ensure prompt
delivery of assigned projects. To include organizing downtime for systems to ensure proper security updates
and operating system improvements are implemented.
** Communicating my work with the ADMACS team to ensure technological support is met and improvement
ideas are exchanged without deadlines passing. Communication throughout ADMACS team to ensure required
support for team engineers is satisfactory.

ASI Manager - Release Management
United States Air Force  -  Langley AFB, VA - February 2011 to February 2012

** Responsible for the scheduling all of the Wide Area Network change requests for a $479M AF network. De-
conflicts times and dates for implemented changes while providing the office of primary responsibility with a
structured work schedule.
**  Verifies  required  documentation  provided;  ensures  correct  implementation,  test  and  back  out  plans  are
attached to every change request.
** Tracks implementation and provides status oversight of approved network changes while interfacing with
customers/users.
** Manages Authorized Service Interruptions; coordinates ASI/change request schedule for 64 bases and 356K
users. Provides metrics/reports for all network change requests/ASI.
** Administers classified Maintenance calendar; posts daily updates to network changes/outages. Providing
Situational Awareness to the Wide Area Network to ensure leadership across 64 bases is knowledgeable of
occurring Authorized Service Interruptions and Change Requests.

Cyber Systems Operator (3D052)
United States Air Force - August 2007 to February 2012

Enlisted in United States Air Force: 28 August 2007.
Date of Separation: 27 February 2012.

System Administrator
United States Air Force  -  Eielson AFB, AK - February 2008 to February 2011

** Provides system admin for network/e-mail/Internet to 3.5K users/2.5K PC’s for $31M base metropolitan
area network
**  Installs/troubleshoots  Microsoft  Windows  2003,  XP,  Office  XP,  Vista,  7,  2000/2003/2008  servers  and
exchange mail servers
** Manages active directory/storage area network/dynamic host configuration protocols; and aids client support
administrators
**  Researches  requirements/develops  technical  solutions;  optimizes  utilization/development  of  base
communications-computer system architecture
** Maintained and upgraded system and application patches, virus definitions, application configuration and
hardware maintenance for base information system clients and servers.
** Proactively troubleshot, identified and swiftly resolved hardware and software errors on critical systems to
ensure completion of base missions.

EDUCATION

Master's of Science in Cybersecurity Engineering
Villanova University - Villanova, PA
2016 to 2018

Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems
Florida Institute of Technology
January 2009 to January 2011

Associate in Applied Science in Applied Science Information Systems Technology
Community College of the Air Force
January 2007 to January 2009

SKILLS

Microsoft 2000,2003,XP Professional, Vista, 7 operating systems; MS Office 2003, 2007; MS Exchange
2003; MS Active Directory; Windows Server Update Services (WSUS); MS System Management Server
2003 (SMS); MS System Center Configuration Manager 2007 (SCCM); Symantec Antivirus Server, NetIQ
DRA (Directory and Resource Admin); Commvault; Remedy Action Request System; Remote Desktop
Connection; TCP/IP; FTP; DNS; HTTP; HTTPS; DHCP; VMware; Solaris 10 with Trusted Extensions

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: United States Air Force
Rank: E-4
August 2007 to February 2012
Enlisted member of USAF, working as a Cyber Systems Operator.
AFSC code 3D052.

AWARDS

Air Force Achievement Medal
February 2011

Airman of the Year
December 2009

Basic Military Training Honor Graduate
October 2007

CERTIFICATIONS

CompTIA Network + CE
May 2014 to May 2017

CompTIA Security + CE
June 2014 to June 2017

