Cynthia Brown

Systems Engineer Manager - Lockheed Martin

Bensalem, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Cynthia-Brown/ccf0e6d21654b525

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Systems Engineer Manager
Lockheed Martin  -  Orlando, FL - January 2015 to Present

Active Top Secret Security Clearance

• Technical systems engineering (SE) Lead for the JSF F-35 web-based Training Management
System (TMS) new development program (68 employees) and SE functional manager.
•  Wrote  program  management  plan  and  systems  engineering  management  plan  in  accordance  with  the
statement of work (SOW).
• Introduced and implemented model based systems engineering (MBSE) and Agile Methodology.
• Developed integrated master schedule (IMS) using Microsoft Project and expanded Work
Breakdown Structure (WBS) based on an integrated product team (IPT) organizational structure.
• Maintained earned value management (EVM): reported percent complete weekly, updated
estimate to complete (ETC), estimate at complete (EAC) and forecast dates monthly, wrote
variance reports and mitigation plans and reported program status.
• Completed monthly sprint planning in accordance with IMS. Used VersionOne tool for capturing
Epics, Stories and Tasks. Tracked program metrics.
• Conducted weekly reviews of system requirements and program status with the Joint Program
Office (JPO), USAF, USN, USMC and Partner Countries pilots and maintainer user community.
• Managed development of plans, specifications, and interface control documents (ICDs), system/
subsystem design document (SSDD), RVTM and test procedures to ensure schedule, cost,
technical and programmatic requirements were achieved and changes correctly incorporated.
• Conducted internal and external contract kick-off meetings, program System Requirements
Review (SRR), Preliminary Design Review (PDR), Critical Design Review (CDR), and Technical
Interchange Meetings (TIMs).
• Personally staffed the SE team for the TMS program. Assisted with hiring software engineers,
information and quality assurance (QA), and production team. Hired 45 engineers in four months.
• Completed performance counseling, assessments, reviews and appraisals for 25 direct reports.
• Created career development plans with mentees and direct staff, which included short and long
term goals and positions within LM that would give them opportunities to meet their goals.

EDUCATION

MSE in Aerospace Engineering
The University of Alabama in Huntsville - Huntsville, AL

BSE in Mechanical Engineering
The University of Alabama in Huntsville - Huntsville, AL

PhD in Aerospace Engineering
The Georgia Institute of Technology

SKILLS

Cost Accounting (3 years), DOORS (6 years), Project Management (3 years), Requirements Analysis (8
years), Testing

