David Adkins

Senior Software Engineer

Shamong, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Adkins/24a8a45d2ee3fb61

SENIOR SOFTWARE DEVELOPER, TEAM LEAD AND PROJECT MANAGER

Driven Software Engineer experienced in developing innovative applications for industry leaders. Expertise
in the initial architecture, development, testing, implementation, and troubleshooting for delivery of leading-
edge technologies.

*  Offer  a  background  of  20+  years  and  a  record  of  success  creating  high-performing  applications,
enhancements, and features that interface with various systems, simplify processes, and resolve complex
problems.
* Leverage expertise in Java J2EE Technologies programming and experience in agile environments.
* Served in several lead roles, ensuring the successful delivery of applications on time while within budget.
* Equally adept as an individual contributor and team player with a keen focus on quality, timeliness, and
ongoing improvement.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Software Engineer
EBAY ENTERPRISE  -  King of Prussia, PA - 2013 to 2016

Held  a  key  role  in  the  development  of  integral  applications,  software  components  and  services  to  reduce
analysis of reported issues and drive productivity. Developed and documented software enhancements while
collaborating with the Product and Services teams to improve processes and prevent recurring errors. Set up
Centos Linux in VMWare instances to troubleshoot reported issues with partner sites which included the full
configuration of Intershop site including Oracle Database setup and importing data dumps of production data
using data pump to reproduce issues. Setup Mobile angular application configured to go through Mule ESB
to back end Intershop application soap web service.
* Spearheaded the development of a tool to address Epicor integration issues, improving data integrity by
providing better method to recognize and accurately parse and catalog application logs. Identified root cause
of issue and provided resolution updating over 1 million records in partners Web Store Database.
* Designed and implemented a framework which cut the triage of errors by over 50% as well as produced key
analytics to quantify all errors, giving exact reasons for each error.
*  Instrumental  in  improving  software  quality  for  Sterling  OMS  issues,  identifying  root  cause  that  caused
inventory events not being published and of order discrepancies impacting overall customer satisfaction and
brand loyalty; developed a solution which will directly increase revenues by ensuring accurate listings.
* Discovered payment service issues with credit cards, presented problem to key stakeholders and devised
a solution that minimized customer complaints that utilized reward programs and coupons in conjunction with
credit cards.
* Identified and remedied cause of Solr Search Index data discrepancies with Source Data from Database
alleviating customer service issues impacting revenue; saving hundreds of programming man hours.

Senior Software Engineer
FRONT PORCH DIGITAL  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - 2011 to 2013

Contributed to all aspects of software development while working within a collaborative agile team. Developed
core Java applications to better serve customers and provide integral support to resolve software problems.

Served as a lead on database projects, creating a simpler, cleaner implementation by using Hibernate ORM
rather than an in house built ORM Developed a DIVA Automated deployment and testing application designed
in Java, using an XML configuration to deploy, initiate and test applications in Amazon AWS cloud solution
*  Provided  critical  backup  services  for  the  DIVA  system  using  an  Oracle  database  -  monitored  backups
and metadata (flat files) which also monitored all CPU and Disk Space utilization. This improvement greatly
increased customer service by introducing a messaging system to clients notifying them that they were at
maximizes capacity.
* Designed and developed a java based application to schedule and monitoring oracle RMAN backups and
backup ups of proprietary metadata files application which provided ability to send out e-mail notifications to
multiple recipients for critical errors. Utilized RSYNC to push backup files to remote servers launched through
the Java application.
* Decoupled the system - it was originally built on TCP sockets, each client had individual connections which
created scattering and errors: Introduced message brokers to publish system status allowing those interested
to subscribe reducing over stress on the Diva System. Built the system in an agile team environment introducing
hibernate as a light weight database layer allowing more efficient queries and transactional inserts and updates
to Oracle 11g databases.

Senior Architect/Programmer
NEW JERSEY STATE POLICE  -  West Trenton, NJ - 1998 to 2011

Developed core business web-based Java applications in support of a 24/7 public safety organization which
increased  productivity  of  the  police  while  improving  the  accuracy  and  reliability  of  critical  data.  Pursued
technology initiatives to streamline business processes, improve response time and strengthen information
quality.
* Appointed as Project Manager for the state police side of the Red Light & Electronic Summons Project,
enabling significant process automation that reduced administrative tasks for officers to focus more on field
needs.
- Created an interface (WebSphere ESB and MQ) allowing police to enter data once automatically replicating
over to other systems including the Records Management System (RMS).
- Architected systems, which were adopted throughout the state, including new ticketing system that alleviated
task of officers having to deliver paper tickets in-person.
* Architected and developed an E-Ticketing (Electronic Summon Submission System and Gate Way) using
Java, Hibernate, Oracle 10g Database, IBM MQ Series and IBM Enterprise Service Bus (ESB).
*  Designed  and  developed  the  NJTR-1  (New  Jersey  Traffic  Report/Crash  Report)  using  Java,  Spring/
Hibernate, Oracle 10g, Adobe Air which streamlined critical processes including allowing the completion of
accident reports in the patrol car, improved communication through Soap service on a Web Logic application
server.
* Designed and implemented an interface to a third party CAD System providing real time information used
to accurately complete accident reports, relieving officers from having to key information captured in other
systems - system allowed all information to be captured on the initial dispatch which reduced redundancies
and also allowed the officer to complete the summons at a more optimal time.
*  Spearheaded  state-wide  deployment  of  the  RDDB  (Resource  Directory  Database)  asset  management
system (developed in ArcIMS, Web Services, Top-Link, Oracle 10g, Sun-Portal gateway), enabling tracking
and availability of all equipment and inventory; this was the first ever computerized directory of critical assets
used to plan for/respond to emergencies.
* Served as the lead on the NCIC 2000 project used for fingerprinting - this was the first in the US to use
this system to submit fingerprints. Integrated the Federal Bureau of Investigations C++ libraries to manage
fingerprint data and attached to NCIC records and to query national database (NCIC) for wanted persons.
Built interface to capture and format mug shots and identify markings to NCIC specifications for submission
to NCIC database.

* Instrumental in the development of the DIVR (Digital In-vehicle Video Recorder project) - utilized a third party
integrator which produced equipment and software that went into cars to capture video. Lead on the design and
development of the CRABSWS (CAD & RMS Abstract Web Service) which matched DIVR (digital in vehicle
recorders video clips) to CAD incidents and set retention periods for the data. Developed Java applications
to process incoming videos, architected and developed this on a web based platform to provide interface for
retrieving and viewing motor Vehicle stop videos. Created an API that detected the videos and automatically
tagged the video with CAD systems and tied this into the RMS to reduce any redundancies and saved time
matching up records.
* Led design and development of RMS2G0 (Mobile Records Management Reporting System), enabling New
Jersey to first in the nation to capture/submit fingerprints for query from a mobile application; designed in Java,
XML, and IBM MQ-Series.
- Integrated barcode scanning using custom C++ libraries, enabling capture of registration and driver's license
information from provided documents.
- Facilitated capture of GPS data and associated with reports for analysis, report retrieval for editing, and
submission.
* Created a reporting system: MAPPS (Management Awareness Personnel Performance System) to document
RMS/CAD records; utilized a third-party tool to analyze the data. Created a critical data warehouse and analysis
system for NJ State Police compliance with federal and state requirements.
*  Captured  images  and  provided  application  (visual)  to  print  out  ID  cards  for  the  NJSP  Human  Resource
Management System.
* Designed and integrated the image storage inside an Oracle Database and enabled access to these photos
through a statewide web application and web service as the lead for the Sex Offender Public Registry System.

EDUCATION

Diploma in Computer Programming
The Chubb Institute

Electronics and Data Processing Systems
New Jersey and Oregon State

LINKS

https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidladkinssoftwareengineer

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Key Skills:
Software Design & Development ? Project Life Cycle ? Object Oriented Analysis
Research ? Coding ? Documentation ? Test Planning ? Debugging ? Defect Management

Technical Skills
Languages:  Java  J2EE,  Intershop  platform,  Adobe  Action  Scripting,  Flex,  JavaScript;  DOJO,  AJAX  and
JQUERY, Angular, HTML, Visual Basic/VBA, PHP, Python, IBM E-SQL,C, C++ Cobol, and CISCS, XSL/XML
Databases: Oracle 8i to12g, DB2, Fox Pro, MS Access, Microsoft SQL Server, Cassandra NoSQL
Middleware:  Hibernate,  Top-Link,  Struts,  Spring,  IBM  WebSphere;  ESB,  Message  Broker,  Message  Flow,
Mule ESB, ArcIMS & ArcGIS Server (ESRI Mapping integration software), RabbitMQ, ActiveMQ, SonicMQ
Third Party: Apache Solr, Apache ZooKeeper, Epicor, Facebook, Omniture

Tools: Jdeveloper, Eclipse, Weblogic Workshop, Maven, Java, ANT, Jenkins, Together Soft, Rational Rose,
Toad (Oracle optimizer tool) Visual Interdev, Visual Studio, Crystal Reports, Oracle Reports, SVN
Servers:  Oracle  Application  Server,  Oracle  Weblogic  Server,  Apache,  Tomcat,  WSO2,  Amazon  (AWS),
Apache, VMWare

