David Li

Embedded Software Engineer

Audubon, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Li/80aae8cc85418d4b

Experienced  Embedded  Software  Engineer,  recognized  as  an  expert  in  developing  application  embedded
software  and  hardware  drivers  for  mission  critical  applications  such  as  power  grid  and  avionics  systems.
Familiar  with  all  facets  of  the  product  development  life  cycle  from  design  through  implementation,  testing,
debugging, and market introduction. Excellent team player, highly effective and results driven professional
with the ability to take a leading role in complex technical projects. Six Sigma certified with strong background
in math, signal and image processing.

TECHNICAL SPECIALTIES

Microcontrollers: HCS12, MSP430, […] ADSP2100, ARM.
Microcontroller  Development  Tools:  Motorola  MC68000  development  tools,  Analog  Devices  ADSP2100
development  tools,  Cosmic  ZAP  for  HCS12,  and  CrossWorks  CrossStudio  for  Texas  Instrument  MSP430
processor.
Operating System: CMX-Tiny, VxWorks, Linux.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Embedded Software Engineer
Innovative Solutions and Support  -  Exton, PA - December 2012 to October 2014

As a member of a multi-national project team, interfaced with team members in India, US, and Switzerland to
design a DCPU (Data Concentrator Processing Unit) for Pilatus aircraft PC-24 controls.
• Developed DCPU hardware drivers including ADCs, DACs, DUARTs, and ARINC-429 (avionics interfaces).
• Wrote drivers to interface with Actel FPGA developed to DO-254.
• Developed an Automated Test Program to expedite hardware testing.
• Assisted a team in India to help with its FPGA VHDL development.
• Helped a team in US with its application software development.
• Developed software algorithms to calibrate the DCPU hardware.
• Participated in DO-178 DAL A software quality assurance verification.

Software Controls Engineer
KOMAX SOLAR AG  -  York, PA - March 2011 to October 2012

Controls software design of Robot/Machine Vision/PLC/HMI integration for a standard product for automated
assembly of solar module production.
• Programmed Rockwell PLC for solar cell stringers and layup systems using RSLogix 5000.
• Programmed Siemens PLC for solar panel laminator using SIMATIC STEP 7-Micro/WIN.
• Programmed HMI's using Siemens SIMATIC WinCC flexible.
• Programmed ABB robots in RAPID for panel layup and bussing system using RobotStudio.
• Installed automated robotic manufacturing/assembly systems for solar panel production.

Software Controls Engineer
Aragon System Product  -  Horsham, PA - August 2010 to March 2011

Designed and developed software features for monitoring and control systems used by the newspaper and
publishing industries.

Software Development Consultant
GE ENERGY  -  Hatfield, PA - February 2010 to May 2010

Upgraded the Emissions Monitoring and Testing System by using Linux operating system and ARM processor.
The system was widely used to reduce hazardous gas emissions to meet the Environmental Protection Agency
Standard.

Sr. Design Engineer
HONEYWELL PROCESS SOLUTIONS  -  Fort Washington, PA - August 2000 to July 2009

Embedded  software  lead  engineer  worked  with  four  team  members  from  India  and  the  United  States,
developed wireless and wired corrosion sensors that made corrosion on-line monitoring possible for industries
automation.
• Led a multi-national software team on the development of Corrosion Data Logger from concept to market
introduction and the project was within budget and schedule.
• Developed a wireless corrosion sensor for industrial control and automation. The sensor was capable of
producing real time corrosion data for process control.
• Upgraded a popular Universal Digital Controller with newer generation of microprocessor and migrated all
software functionalities to the new controller, greatly reduced the product cost.
•  Designed  and  implemented  complex  control  algorithms  for  the  new  ARM  based  Hybrid  Controller.  The
algorithms included Sequencer and Alarm or Event Email Notification.
• Extended functionality of a multi-loop controller by adding new control function blocks. This enhancement
significantly increased the competitiveness in the controller market.

Development Engineer
ABB AUTOMATION  -  Allentown, PA - August 1997 to August 2000

Developed and maintained four different microprocessor based power relay products. Added new features
and new product that increased sales by millions of dollars.
•  Led  the  development  of  a  microprocessor  based  Distribution  Protection  Unit.  The  new  product  filled  the
functionality gap between the two most popular product lines, therefore, dramatically increased market share.
• Completed multiple software releases incorporating new features and quality enhancements for direct release
into mission critical power grid applications.
• Implemented a recloser functionality for the microprocessor based Microshield over Current Protection Unit.
With the implementation of this new feature, the sales have been increased by 20%.
• Prepared software design documents for product developments and feature enhancements.

Research Associate
RUTGERS UNIVERSITY  -  New Brunswick, NJ - March 1996 to August 1997

Researched a NASA project: Plant-based Life Support in Space.
• Developed a machine vision system, which integrated fluorescence imaging and other sensing techniques,
to detect plant abnormalities caused by environmental perturbations.

Research Assistant
UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS  -  Urbana-Champaign, IL - August 1991 to March 1996

Conducted research for natural pigment production.
• Created an innovative machine vision system for measuring degree of cell aggregation, cell population, and
its pigment concentration. The system minimized the risks of cell contamination and eliminated the sampling
system  clogging,  reduced  the  time  to  obtain  results  from  24  hours  to  3  minutes,  and  laid  foundation  for
bioprocess control in natural pigment production.

Power Engineer

LA PLATA ELECTRIC ASSOCIATION  -  Durango, CO - February 1990 to August 1991

Trained in power system analysis.
• Designed a computer simulation model used to optimize the power system operation.

Power Engineer
HEILONGJIANG POWER COMPANY  -  Harbin, CN - July 1987 to February 1990

Worked for provincial power company.
• Supported the design, installation, and testing of a power grid.
• Initiated the development of a computer network for the provincial power grid metering to improve efficiency
and reduce costs.

EDUCATION

Ph.D. in Agricultural Engineering
University of Illinois - Urbana-Champaign, IL
1996

M.S. in Electrical and Computer Engineering
Shenyang Agricultural University
1987

B.S. in Electrical and Computer Engineering
Shenyang Agricultural University
1984

