Dhruv Sakalley

Associate Software Engineer - Allscripts Software LLC

Paoli, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dhruv-Sakalley/452f3c82b436ae82

I am a biomedical software engineer with a broad range of technology experience. I have three years+ of
experience  in  enterprise  software  development  for  web-based  and  desktop  applications.  I  have  a  sound
understanding of regulations; standards; a proven track record of initiative and completing long term process
oriented development.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Associate Software Engineer
Allscripts Software LLC - 2012 to Present

Developed windows based, MVC architecture applications for Sunrise Pharmacy.
• Designed and tools for automating UI testing, focusing test-driven development.
• Certified (internally) for HIPAA level II
• Worked with HL7 interface based communication engines for aiding support.
• Troubleshooter and hot-fixer for existing problems in production software.
• education through a part-time PhD program.

Biomedical Eng
Drexel University, School - 2010 to 2011

Health Sciences
Graduate Research Assistant
• Applied statistical tools (MATLAB, R) for hypothesis testing
• Metagenomic analysis based on Next-Gen sequencing data.
• Systems biology analysis using KEGG, COG, NOG, Gene Ontology databases.
• Identified novel proteins for protein-protein interactions based on sequence alignment

Graduate Research Assistant
Drexel University - 2009 to 2010

Designed and conducted labs for Nanomanufacturing using Lean Six-Sigma Principles
• Teaching Assistant for: Digital Electronics, PLC, Power Electronics

IT Tech Support (part-time)
Drexel University - 2008 to 2009

Handled on-demand troubleshooting requests with all the electronic equipment
• Managed hardware and software change requests using an on-line ticketing system

Assistant Systems Engineer
Tata Consultancy Services - 2006 to 2008

Created auto-programming tools to reduce development effort.
• J2EE/ Oracle based web application for CitiGroup USA.
• Technical lead for a 9 member team on a migration project for CitiGroup USA.
• Front end development and validation based on JSP, Javascript.
• Procedure programming (PL/SQL) for report development and database administration.

Academic Research Experience

Medical Instrumentation Assistant
Techoz Solutions  -  Indore, Madhya Pradesh - 2004 to 2006

Developed a Atmel microcontroller based, PC-serial port interfaced 2-channel EEG.
• Assisted in embedded programming, device interfacing, Circuit design and fabrication.

EDUCATION

MS in Biomedical Eng
Drexel University
2008 to 2011

BE in Biomedical Engineering
Rajiv Gandhi Technical University, Madhya Pradesh - Indore, Madhya Pradesh
2002 to 2006

SKILLS

C#, .NET 4.0, SQL Server 2012, VS2010, XML, HTML, J2EE, IBM Web Sphere, PL/SQL, R, MATLAB

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Expertise
C#, .NET 4.0, SQL Server 2012, VS2010, XML, HTML, J2EE, IBM Web Sphere, PL/SQL, R, MATLAB

