Douglas Champigny

Software Engineer - Mission Solutions Engineering

Maple Shade, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Douglas-Champigny/7c22f9e839561948

I am currently working as a software engineer for the DoD as a permanent employee for Mission Solutions
Engineering. I am looking to leave the government contracting business and seek opportunities in the private
sector. I am looking for more career growth and advancement.
Willing to relocate to: Jersey City, NJ - Nyack, NY - Paramus, NJ
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
Mission Solutions Engineering  -  Moorestown, NJ - February 2015 to Present

08054

Details of projects and performance is limited due to the sensitive nature of the work in regard to national
security.

Software Engineer serving a naval defense software system. Developing software for a weapons system in
the area of Command and Decision. Project included being part of a development team specific to the area of
the system for development and design. Designing, developing, and testing software for new functionalities,
maintaining existing interfaces, and fixing current areas of concern. Working with system engineers to allocate
appropriate design and development, and ensuring accuracy to the specs and requirements.

Developed unit tests procedures. Implemented test procedures to check functionality of code
using CppUnit and GMOCK. Developing drivers and using dependency injection to isolate code and test the
implementations of interfaces and classes.

Worked daily on programming change requests in various areas of the system. Designed and implemented
changes based on new requirements from system engineers. Wrote code according to the specifications for
accurate functionality and brought to a level two stage testing
environment to assure quality and performance.
Implemented  code  based  on  OO  methodology  and  uses  of  interfaces,  classes  and  implementation  files.
Incorporated actuating and running makefiles to build executables to link into personal builds for testing new
software development.

Worked daily with team members to evaluate problem solving. Discuss specific software
requirements and details to develope proper implementation to produce correct functionality - ie.
Interfaces, Classes, Methods, Inheritance. Used modeling and sequence diagrams to isolate areas of threading
and software capabilities - building message packets and sending data to other areas of the system.

Successfully solved testing and software issues by use of logging and extraction points.
Used data extraction tools to accurately find and fix issues in specific areas of the code.

Applications Programmer

Northrop Grumman/Computer Sciences Corporation  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - September 2011 to November
2014

08054

Details of projects and performance is limited due to the sensitive nature of the work in regard to national
security.

Application Programmer serving a military software development project. Designed and implemented a multi-
tiered layer system for a military software application, currently used by the U.S. Air Force. This application
support project including being part of the development team, designing, developing, testing, and maintaining
existing  web  services  as  well  as  other  project  interfaces.  Implementing  a  new  web  client  version  of  the
software, using the latest technologies for web application development. Working with the requirements team
which involved allocating the requirements to the appropriate designs, ensuring reuse to the maximum extent
possible and ensuring the design is consistent with the domain analysis.

Developed and implemented very complex dynamic web pages and forms on a daily basis.
Worked extensively with PHP classes, files, and database (SQL) language for the server side programming.
Client side programming included JavaScript, HTML, AJAX, and CSS to create the dynamic web pages.

Processing data using an Oracle database for editing, updating, deleting, and retrieving data. Embedded XML
formatting within the PHP code for processing on the server side and in some cases to be parsed on post
back to the front end using JavaScript. Extensive use of AJAX to execute multiple calls to the server and re-
process data for the front end based on user interaction.

Developed coding strategies that led to faster development time, more efficient and re-usable code, achieved
expected  outcomes  and  performance  of  the  software.  Created  and  utilized  datasets  to  store  data  from  a
complex relational database (RDMS) to be used throughout the specific part of the application pertaining to
the task at hand. Utilized the power of SQL to retrieve data with the use of proper table joins and clauses.

Ensuring proper software functionalities by working closely with the requirements team. Worked independently
and as a team member to analyze and advise each other on code and development. Planning in advance and
preparing for what each task entails by determining what functionalities from the previous software designs
are needed for the current web client design.

Key projects and accomplishments:
Receive Employee of the Quarter from (CSC) Computer Sciences Corporation in April, 2013, for outstanding
work and achievement.

Redesigned  and  developed  the  Air  Refueling  Event  software  system  that  was  tested,  implemented,  and
currently in use.

Designed and developed (ANG) Air National Guard software interfaces and system, tested, implemented and
now in use.

Special Project Consultant
Berkshire Community College  -  Pittsfield, MA - April 2010 to June 2011

01201
413-499-4660

System analysis and application design of learning management system (LMS) user interfaces to convert and
re-use course elements initially developed with the Blackboard CE8 LMS for re-use in the Moodle 1.9 LMS.
Analysis and development included re-designing the structure and content of each course utilizing the latest
web development and design technologies (HTML, CSS, XHTML), as well as end-user processes and tools
according to design specifications.

Converted the programs from one software system to another, to include unit testing changes and participating
in acceptance testing. Worked with different types of customers (including internal technical and non-technical)
to clarify the objectives of new system verse old system functionalities for different types of end users.

Assisted  with  training  and  support  of  end-user  program  designers.  Successfully  met  timelines  and  job
requirements for the project manager and internal customers.

Computer Lab Technician
Berkshire Community College  -  Pittsfield, MA - September 2007 to June 2011

01201
413-499-4660

Utilized and maintained the Datatel Database Management System to promptly and efficiently update the web
enhanced courses and the student rosters. Promptly solve various computers, help desk issues pertaining to
the Learning Management Systems software requirements for different types of end-user customers.

Solved  academic  issues  related  to  application  functionalities  (i.e.  online  quizzes,  submitting  assignments,
posting discussions, etc.) between students and faculty as well as system access, such as browser and user
authentication issues.

Worked  as  a  professional  tutor,  solving  academic  issues  pertaining  to  software  development  and  design;
knowledge  in  (i.e.  C++,  Java  (J2SE),  VB.NET,  XHTML,  PHP,  CSS,  and  MySQL)  was  utilized  in  solving
programming and debugging issues for software projects due for college level academics. Re-configure user's
computers with proper software (i.e. Visual Studio, Apache HTTP Server 2.2, PHP 5.2.14, MySQL 5.1, Dev C
++, JDK, Net Beans, and JCreator to comply with college course requirements.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Computer Science
Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts (University)
2011

A.S. in Computer Science
Berkshire Community College
2007

AWARDS

Employee of the Quarter
April 2012
Awarded Employee of the Quarter from Computer Science Corporation for outstanding achievement.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNOLOGIES
Java, C++, PHP 5.5, JavaScript, Ajax, JQuery, Apache 2.4, IIS, HTML, XML, CSS, MySQL, Oracle, IIS, Zend
9.0, CVS, UNIX/LINUX, Rhapsody, CppUnit, GMOCK, ClearCase, Eclipse

