Hostray Robertson

Desktop support specialist - Field Nation

Clementon, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Hostray-Robertson/95f0cc76107bd9da

Hardware Support Helpdesk
Software Support Desktop Support
Datacenter Support Windows Operating Systems Support
Mac Notebooks Support Refresh Projects
Secret Clearance (full)
CERTIFICATIONS
DCSE Dell
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Desktop Support Analyst/software engineer
Xerox  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - July 2015 to March 2016

Responsibilities
• Troubleshooting hardware/software PC and printer device problems 
• Administration of desktop systems 
• Helpdesk support email directories windows desktop applications 
• Support Remedy’s work order system 
• Support active directory
• Printer copier and fax support 
• Remote support 
• Software support upgrades
• Software installs
• Application support
• Outlook support and configuration
• Support Office 2013 2016
• AD support
• Avaya One -x Support and configuration
• Inventory control
• Support imaging 
• Data install and upgrades
• Mac support 

Accomplishments
I was able to complete task with minimum supervision and limited resources. 

Skills Used
I performed this job a the tier 3 level which required me to know internal and external skills to keep the end
users connected to the network environment.

D1 Engineer
JLT INSURANCE GROUP  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2015 to July 2015

Responsibilities
• Troubleshooting hardware/software PC and printer device problems 
• Administration of desktop systems 
• Helpdesk support email directories windows desktop applications 
• Support Remedy’s work order system 
• Support active directory
• Printer copier and fax support 
• Remote support 
• Software support upgrades
• Software installs
• Application support
• Outlook support and configuration
• Support Office 2013 2016
• AD support
• Avaya One -x Support and configuration
• Inventory control
• Support imaging 
• Data install and upgrades
• Mac support 

Accomplishments
I performed multiple duties on the day to day basis for all fifty states without flaw.

Skills Used
Multiple skill levels using server 8 and safe boot to complete the imaging process.

Desktop support specialist Tier 2
Enviromental Protection Agency   -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2013 to April 2015

Troubleshooting hardware/software PC and printer device problems 
Administration of desktop systems 
Helpdesk support email directories windows desktop applications 
Support Remedy’s work order system 
Support active directory
Printer ,copier and fax support 
Remote support 
Software support upgrades
MS Office 365 Support 
Support Office 2013
Data center Tech
Support Adobe creative suites 
Support Java script HTML
Rebuild laptops
Software installs
Migration Scheduling

Desktop Support Specialist
Field Nation / Sait IT Services  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2012 to November 2013

Installation of multiple work stations and monitors (Corporate install for Merrill Lynch) 
Run script 

Support outlook
Support Office 2010 rollout 
Support and Install network printers 
Lead tech Wells Fargo Wins 7 software upgrade scheduling and data migration
Support applied security information
Support software services
Support Java

Desktop Support /Field Tech
Field Solutions / Dell  -  Round Rock, TX - March 2010 to May 2012

Support data migration run batch and template applications.
Answering questions pertaining to the use of various software applications and computer operations perform
general preventive maintenance of computer equipment.
Support Windows XP, WINDOWS 7, Mac operating systems. Have provided expertise, guidance, and training
if necessary for others with the use of various software Ghost, VPN, Office 2000, 2002, 2003 Microsoft office
365.
Support of remote access, advanced understanding of LAN/Wan technology knowledge of HTML.
Troubleshoot and support all window-based applications, configure and optimize networks devices such as
hubs, switches, routers, firewalls, intrusion detection monitors, and network performance. 
Perform network diagnostics and installs, network software fixes, and upgrades.
Helpdesk Tier-3 incident tracking network connection TCP/IP suite. Supported active directory.
Supported Office 2010 software and applications.
Supported Mac OS and imaging 
Migration scheduling

Information Technology Generalist
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania State Civil Services  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2009 to January 2010

03/09 to 01/10
• Application development, network, website support.
• Information technology support and training.
• Networking and desktop laptop support, VPN setup and support remote access support.
• Blackberry connectivity and support.
• Support Windows operating systems primarily Windows XP and Windows 7.
• PBX communications and support.
• Memory upgrades, troubleshoot end users issues.
• Hardware and software support.
• Support Microsoft office 2007.
• Workstation network connectivity.
• Imaging workstation and laptops.

EDUCATION

AS
Lincoln Technical Institute
September 2005

BS
DeVry University

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: United States Navy
Rank: E-4
August 1986 to February 1990
Marine and Seal Transport

Commendations:
Multiple unit commendations Law Enforcement Operations

AWARDS

Certificate of Best Performance
December 2014
I received this award while I was A Federal contractor employed at the EPA for my outstanding performance
and  my  high  level  of  contribution  along  with  optimum  dedication  and  sincerity  serving  the  Environmental
Protection Agency.

CERTIFICATIONS

Dell Certified System Engineer
March 2010 to Present
Certified to work on all dell products.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Hostray Robertson
178 Via Cascata Dr
Clementon N.J. 08021
To whom it may concern:
I Hostray Robertson have been in the Information Technology field for eleven years educating at various levels
of the field through schooling and experience and I’m very diverse. My professional career has been with such
companies as The Commonwealth of Penn (D.O.T) Field Solutions, The Dell Corp, Robert Half International,
because of my very detailed background I can provide excellent written documentation skills and strong oral
and written communication skills. I’m also capable of prioritizing multiple tasks and making serene decisions
in stressful situations. I have a proven track record of meeting deadlines and service level objectives and
have good judgment and to whom to escalate problems to various levels of the IT chain of command. I also
have a proven track record deploying Window 7 as the lead tech and as a Deployment tech working with the
project team and business unit contacts to confirm specific list of applications for each user to be migrated in a
business group unit/group. Act as central point of contact with external deployment services vendor resources
and business unit/site contacts to confirm business unit, application and readiness status. Provide support
to external deployment services vendor resources for scheduling business units and sites for migrations and
rescheduling if necessary. I’ve supported various software namely SCCM, OSD, Point Sec PGP, Lotus notes
MS Exchange server I've been the lead support person for Office 365 since the implementation into the network
environment etc. Also have experience supporting Black berry, Android Apple and Tablet devises. I’m also
able to support Active directory adding users to control groups. I have my DCSE certification and my A+ Net
+ is in progress I do believe that I will be a valuable contributor to your company. At the present time I'm on
a long term project with the feds at the E.P.A (Environmental Protection Agency my position involves various

levels of Help Desk and Desktop support tier one and tier two I also support hardware and software issues
contact vendors for technical solutions I also perform integration and administration of desktop systems as
required, and rebuild systems in a timely manner as required as a Desktop support specialist. I support the
MDT tool kit and server infrastructure for system upgrades and Symantec endpoint encryption and bit locker
for needed security. I provide phone and in person support to users in the areas of email directories, standard
windows desktop applications as well as commercial off the shelf and National applications. I also support and
perform fixes for printer, copier support and support office 365 and OWA configuration issues support mail
transport fundamentals Pop IMAP SMTP Net Working Fundamentals DNS Message trace tools Block LIST
Spam email filtering virus protection etc. My present position Data engineer I support server 8 for support for
safe boot for the purpose to transfer data to laptops and I also pre imaged and imaged laptops with various
images and use AD to apply the needed applications and put the unit into the proper container (domain) I also
use the BMC to push the policy updates as needed and support remedy for tier 3 issues for the fifty states in
the U.S.A. and the UK. If my knowledge and skills match any future job openings, please feel free to contact
me at your earliest convenience. Professional references upon request. 

Respectfully yours,
Hostray Robertson

