Jan Rovins

Embedded Systems Software Engineer - S-Link

Woodstown, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jan-Rovins/3f89f76e3dfcbe38

Work  System  Architecture,  Design  or  software  development,  Embedded  Linux,  Distributed  Multi-Tier  Unix
Based systems, or Highly Parallel Systems

WORK EXPERIENCE

Embedded Systems Software Engineer
S-Link  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - April 2000 to Present

Mt. Laurel NJ 4/2000 - Present
Project has gone through three Companies, because of a series of acquisitions.
Embedded Systems Software Engineer.

An embedded telecom signaling Gateway using SS7 & SIGTRAN protocols.
Sends SS7 Signaling over an IP network using the ITEF SIGTRAN protocols.
Currently working on a distributed cluster version of this product.
• Architected the overall Embedded Linux runtime environment, which was a Custom Linux distribution (BSP)
from  scratch.  Also  implemented  CVS  version  control  &  build  scripts  for  the  Linux  "System"  portion  of  the
product.
• Ported product to PPC, Intel x86, Xscale, & Mips Octeon hardware architectures.
•  Developed  Parts  of  a  SCTP  (RFC  2960)  network  stack  (user  space  &  raw  sockets)  Participated  in  2
international SCTP interop "Bake-Offs" hosted by the IETF
• Adapted PPC Linux kernel to support non-standard PCI bridge hardware.(PLX 9060es & Powerspan II)
• Ported & enhanced a Cross buss PCI network layer that linked multiple systems.
• Enhanced the Linux MTD flash driver to support a non-standard 64 bit flash geometry.
• Set up initial lab infrastructure for IP/WAN network testing for simulated packet loss & delay, and also did
an Ipv6 WAN simulation.

Middleware Architect AVP, Distributed Systems - Common Services
MBNA  -  Wilmington, DE - April 1998 to April 2000

Credit Card Processing
Served as tech lead for groups of 1 - 3.
Design Reviews & Code Reviews of work going on in the department.
Maintained Core Communication API Libraries (Tuxedo Isolation Layer)
Developed a workable Release Management infrastructure for deployment of generic middleware services
used by multiple applications throughout the bank.
Coordinated the production releases of all Common Services deliverables.
Supported infrastructure upgrades & conversions of Bank wide applications.
Participated in technology evaluations, and Determined hardware & software specifications for applications
going into production.
Designed & prototyped middleware isolation layer for Plexus Workflow.

Senior Systems Engineer
AW Computer Systems  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - May 1997 to March 1998

Checker Productivity Analyzer; A supermarket security system that can detect

employee and customer theft, by using computer vision technology, and real-time
point of sale data. Implemented as a distributed system involving
multiple Linux nodes and a single Windows NT server as the controller node.
My work involved the server subsystems on the NT controller, as well as the IPC
communication layers, was also responsible for maintenance and re-design of the
C++  system  base  classes,  Event  Manager  sub  system  (NT)  and  also  configuration  management  (builds,
version control & install).

Senior Software Engineer
First Data Resources  -  Marlton, NJ - June 1995 to May 1997

Credit Card Services, Client Server, Three Tiered Architecture

Was a member of the Systems Architecture Group. Also did
Profiling & System performance tuning on a Windows NT based System, and Server Programming on the
"Data Abstraction Layer".
Ported UNIX server System layers To Windows NT. (Tuxedo TPM based)
Also did System Integration of Wang Workflow, UNIX Server Development
(application Layer Tuxedo Services).

Systems Development
Dow Jones & Co  -  Township of South Brunswick, NJ - November 1994 to June 1995

Senior Software Engineer:
Distributed Processing, Text Processing, UNIX (SUN & DEC)

Did extensive performance benchmark evaluations on hardware & software
components for a new "News Clipping" System. Also participated in the system
design & did demo prototype of that system mostly in PERL.

Senior Member Technical Staff
AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, Strategic Architecture Division  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - January 1993 to
November 1994

Mount Laurel NJ 1/93 - 11/94
Senior Member Technical Staff:
Distributed Processing, UNIX (SUN) environment.

Working on design and implementation of the new Central site
news wire distribution service. a distributed system using
TCP/IP networking, SNMP network management, and multiple
UNIX servers. Hardware includes: Sun SPARC 10, HP 9000, IBM RS6000.
Responsible for Scaling Up from a Pilot demo, to a production news distribution
server system. Full Production capacity was 80,000 Users. This involved scaling the pilot from a single machine
to a multiple machine architecture, and implementing failover and redundancy capabilities. Also it involved
system
performance tuning and code optimization to meet the full production capacity.
As well as Integration of new subsystems into an older existing proprietary
Distribution  network.  Duties  also  included  System  &  Network  configuration  of  Lab  &  QA  equipment,  and
Software Configuration management for the project.

Senior Software Engineer
LEEDS & NORTHRUP  -  North Wales, PA - 1990 to 1992

MMI Development Group (Man Machine Interface)

MAX1000; A distributed industrial process control system with realtime
software developed in C and C++,
responsibilities included: Specification requirements,
Design, sed subsystems in a distributed processing environment.
Developed for UNIX, and CEXEC (a real time bare bones executive)
Hardware platform was Intel 386 and 486.
PROJECTS INCLUDED:
• A real time database retrieval engine (name & list server).
• A virtual terminal server for distributed systems.
• Multi-network time synchronization services for distributed system.
• Lower level data retrieval support for a trend archival system.

Adjunct Professor
Atlantic County Community College - September 1989 to November 1989

Computers and information Sciences teaching C programming

EDUCATION

Masters in Computer Science
Villanova University
1990 to 1993

Atlantic County Community College
1987 to 1989

B.S.
Syracuse University:, College of Visual & performing Arts
1977

SKILLS

OOA/OOD Distributed System Architecture, Server Transaction Protocol Design, Multi Core Parallel
Processing System Scaling & Performance Tuning (NT & UNIX), Linux Kernel internals, Linux Device
Drivers, Embedded Linux, SCTP, IP, IPv6, Tuxedo (TPM), CVS, CMVC, SVN, BZR, Git VSS, Text
Processing (inverse Index): LMDS & VERITY, SQL server 6.0, Informix 7.x, Sybase(dblib), Oracle(oci), T2-
SDE, GCC Cross compiling.

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/pub/jan-rovins/2/a03/ab3

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Operating Systems: Linux, SUN Solaris 1, Solaris 2, HPUX 9,10, 11 AIX, Digital Unix, Windows NT/2000, and
various Real-Time Executives

