Joseph Illuminati

Software Engineer. Graduate Student. Technology Enthusiast.

Southampton, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joseph-Illuminati/df3eb95210e02269

To obtain a position working in the field of Computer and Information Sciences.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer Intern
RightCare Solutions  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2015 to August 2015

Responsibilities
-  Worked  on  a  small  team  of  software  engineers  on  the  development  of  a  platform  for  reducing  hospital
readmissions.

- Developed a virtual printer driver that was pivotal in retaining and attracting clients.

Technology Analyst Intern
JPMorgan Chase  -  Newark, DE - June 2014 to May 2015

- Worked on a team of software developers responsible for the building, maintenance, and support of internal
applications.

- Wrote stories and participated in sprints as part of the Agile software development process.

Computer Science Tutor
University of Delaware  -  Newark, DE - September 2013 to May 2015

- Assist students in Computer Science and Math by providing additional help and facilitating learning.

Undergraduate Research Assistant
University of Delaware CBCB  -  Newark, DE - December 2012 to February 2013

Worked on a software development team supporting the In Silico Prediction of Protein-Protein Interaction
research project for the University of Delaware Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology.

• Developed a software engine that produced a Bayesian Network from biological data.

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Engineering in Computer Science
University of Pennsylvania - Philadelphia, PA
2015 to 2017

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
University of Delaware - Newark, DE
September 2011 to May 2015

SKILLS

Java, Python, C/C++, Python, C#/.NET, PHP, HTML/CSS/JS, SQL, R, MATLAB

AWARDS

John K. Scoggin Sr. Memorial Award
Awarded for exemplary research in bioinformatics

J. Presper Eckert Fellowship
awarded  to  outstanding  CIS/MSE,  MCIT,  CGGT,  EMBS  and  Robotics  Master’s  Degree  Candidates  at  the
University of Pennsylvania

