Karan Doni

Embedded Software Engineer - Globus Medical Inc

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Karan-Doni/6f2a5a0da475ef59

• Three years of experience in Embedded system software product development in
Medical device(1 year) and Process automation(2 years) domain.
• Involved in Requirements definition/collection, design, development and testing
of embedded software.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Sponsorship required to work in the US

WORK EXPERIENCE

Embedded Software Engineer
Globus Medical Inc  -  Audubon, PA - June 2014 to Present

Involved in the development of company's first Spinal cord stimulator system which includes a pulse generator
communicating wirelessly with a custom-made
remote control device using MICS(Medical implant communication service).
• Worked with Bluetooth 4.0 development on the remote control device to enable
smart phone control of the implant.
• Helped in setting up a software department and follow Agile principles .Took up an online course to become
a certified scrum master in the team.

Embedded Software Engineer
Endress+Hauser USA  -  Indianapolis, IN - June 2012 to May 2014

Endress+Hauser, Indiana
June 2012 - May2014
• Part of the Research & Development group involved in the design, development,
integration and test of embedded software for instruments in the Process
Automation industry.
• Follow Agile software development process, practice continuous integration using
tools like RQM, Jenkins.
• Specialize in developing device drivers, digital communication protocols like

Teaching Assistant (TA)
University of Pennsylvania   -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2011 to September 2011

Worked as a Teaching Assistant for MATH 103-Introduction to Calculus during
Fall 2011. • Took recitation classes for about 80 students with work also involving grading,
setting and monitoring exams.

EDUCATION

Master's in Computer Science-Robotics
University of Pennsylvania - Philadelphia, PA
May 2012

Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical and Electronics Engineering

Rashtreeya Vidyalaya College of Engineering - Bangalore, Karnataka
June 2010

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
Programming Languages: C, C++, C#, Python.
Controller: MSP 430, ARM's SAM4 and SAM7.
Real-time operating System: Sciopta
Development Environment: IAR Embedded workbench, Code composer studio,
Microsoft Visual studio
Hardware tools: Oscilloscope, Signal generator, Logic analyzer
Communication protocols: UART, SPI, BLE, MICS
Configuration Tools: Git, SVN, IBM's RTC.
Other Tools: VectorCast( Code coverage and Unit testing), Lint( Static analyzer),
Jenkins (Continuous Integration)
Related courses: Real-time and Embedded systems, Mechatronics, Haptic Interfaces,
Computer vision, Control systems, Robotics and Automation, Artificial intelligence,
Embedded systems programming.

