Keith Meade

Flight Chief and Emergency Services Dispatcher

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Keith-Meade/2adb5c9be8f10c9d

As  Security  Forces  leader  I  was  extensively  trained  in  defensive  tactics,  weapons,  crisis  prevention  and
intervention, electronic security systems to include Vindicator and Tactical Automated Security System (TASS),
and high pressure training for assignment to Iraq, Kuwait, and South Korea.
Highlights
• Advanced Firearm Training
• Corrections Experience
• Shift and Section Manager Experience
• Project Manager Experience

• Vindicator Alarm System Installation
• Crisis Management
• Time Management
• MS Office Software
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Manager and Security Systems Engineer
American Automation Building Solution, Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
Located and put bid response documents together to include pricing, past performance, and technical response
for mainly government solicitations.

Installed Vindicator IDS and ACS along with Pelco and Bosch camera systems.

Accomplishments
Won and completed several high dollar contracts. Managed over 10 different contracts to include locations at
Tyndall AFB, Denver, and Kadena AB.

Skills Used
Organizational, Management, and Problem Solving.

Flight Chief and Emergency Services Dispatcher
United States Air Force  -  Tyndall AFB, FL - June 2013 to June 2013

Provided  shift  supervisor  duties  to  include  management  of  25  personnel.  Dispatched  police  and  fire  911
emergency calls. Cut response times by maintaining patrol zones around the base.

Electronic Security Systems Manager
United States Air Force  -  Tyndall AFB, FL - January 2011 to June 2013

Provided technical management of $9M alarm system over 110 buildings. Lead project manager position for 50
installation contracts including a $3.5M contract which finished two months before schedule. Improved system
repair and maintenance times by having replacement parts in stock and maintaining a detailed maintenance
plan with alarm system maintenance contractor.

Assistant Team Supervisor
United States Air Force - June 2010 to December 2010

Joint Base Balad, Iraq
Provided security and protection to Dept. of Defense assets and over 12K personnel in a hostile deployed
location. Led 14 personnel in 115 combat patrols to protect 50Km around the base, these combat patrols led
to the arrest and detention of five high valued insurgents.

Patrolman
United States Air Force  -  Tyndall AFB, FL - February 2008 to June 2010

Provided law enforcement and security for US Air Force assets and 10K personnel.

EDUCATION

Associate of Arts in Criminal Justice
Community College of the Air Force

SKILLS

Honeywell Vindicator Certified (4 years)

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: US Air Force
Rank: E5
October 2005 to September 2014
Security Forces, Electronic Security Manager

Commendations:
Air Force Achievement MedalAir Force Commendation Medal

CERTIFICATIONS

Vindicator Technician
April 2015 to April 2017

