Kelvin Kelly

Junior Engineer

Turnersville, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kelvin-Kelly/1ca8a36828e5823c

Experienced, reliable engineer and IT professional with 9+ years experience in production support
and systems operations. Ability to oversee complex troubleshooting operations while providing
exceptional customer service and quality assurance. Looking to acquire a challenging position as
Cisco Network Engineer, where my knowledge and experience will provide added value within I.T.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Junior Engineer
Com TechSoloutions L.L.C  -  Township of Randolph, NJ - 2013 to 2013

•  Oversee  and  report  all  incident  reports,  service  level  agreements  and  network  escalations  to  network
manager.
•  Develop,  document,  implement  and  maintain  systems  management  strategies,  policies  and  procedures
including security, support, training and installation procedures.
• Configure network switches with HSRP for high availability and inter-VLAN routing.
• Configure and deploy 2960-X, 3750-X and 3850-X as access and distribution switches.
• Configure VLAN, STP and Port Security on switches to create a secure, reliable and high available LAN.
• Upgrade cisco routers with latest or recommended IOS software.
• Configure and troubleshoot Layer 3 routing protocols (EIGRP, OSPF).
• Work with Internet providers to turn up WAN MPLS connectivity to new remote sites.
• Use Netflow and Wireshark for network analysis.

NOC Engineer
Comcast  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - 2013 to 2013

Analyze data and metrics, interpret operational trends, and react to changes in expected system behaviors
and patterns in a timely manner.
• Handle telephone and e-mail escalations from customer care, local markets, engineering, or management.
• Maintain accurate recordkeeping, incident timelines, turnover logs and status reports.
•  Perform  routine  maintenance  on  systems  including  change  requests,  data  gathering  requests  and  patch
implementations.
• Correlate events across multiple subsystems to narrow down potential root causes of problems.
• Coordinate troubleshooting calls, identifying service-impacting events and recruiting additional resources as
necessary.
• Reconcile minor problems with UNIX and Microsoft Windows systems.
• Collaborate with engineering teams to identify and resolve technical issues.

Production Support Engineer
Medco  -  Willingboro, NJ - 2006 to 2013

Maintained overall operation of the Automated Pharmacy Command Center (APCC.)
• Accurately and promptly resolved performance issues related to supported systems.
•  Utilized  VERITAS  NetBackup  to  perform  system  backups.  Scheduled  and  distributed  backup  reports  to
department manager.

• Created custom Structured Query Language (SQL) queries per customer requests and delivered results in
a timely manner.
• Developed and implemented Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for Automated Pharmacy Command
Center.
• Performed Operational Qualification (OQ), Performance Qualification (PQ) and Integrated Testing (IT.)
• Ensured quality assurance goals were achieved by submitting and reviewing customer satisfaction surveys.
Took corrective action when necessary.
•  Conducted  daily  audits  and  quality  audits.  Reviewed  and  reported  aging  reports;  presented  to  senior
management.
• Supported off-site production through remote access and frequent communication via VNC (Virtual Network
Computing) application.
•  Trained  and  oriented  new  employees  in  overall  departmental  responsibilities  and  pharmacy  operations
overview.
• Recommended new software applications and communications products to enhance department speed and
efficiency.

Production Supervisor
Express Scripts  -  Willingboro, NJ - 2002 to 2006

Assured company's production, quality, and service were met on a daily basis
● Managed all departmental staffing needs
● Provide overview training for Quality Response Team and Electro Mechanical Techs
● Assists in establishing and implementing work stream goals, objectives, and operating procedures.
● Work collaboratively with leadership across the network to proactively manage service.
● Provide guidance and analysis to managers and directors on key indicator trends and recommend actions
to optimize performance and reduce barriers that impact patient service
● Assisted in developing service plans within the department to ensure swift resolution of patient and client
issues.
● Responsible for maintaining quality, service, compliance, safety and cost objectives for ADDS, ALPS, and
AP departments.
● Responsible for hiring, training, coaching and developing leads and support staff
● Understand the functionality of the router, PAC, and WMS to facilitate necessary research
● Motivate staff, affect meaningful change and ensure accountability of direct reports as well as others involved
in the process
● Monitor, research, and resolve high level prescriptions from order receipt to manifesting
● Ensure completion of escalated and aged order throughout pharmacy
● Provided analysis and identification of key indicator trends.
● Oversaw a Lead serving as point of escalation for issues requiring a higher degree of expertise or direction
to solve

EDUCATION

Bachelors of Science
DeVry University - Philadelphia, PA

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: Army National Guard
Rank: E4

September 1994 to November 2001

