Larbi Seddiki

Software Engineer

Phoenixville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Larbi-Seddiki/19712c4f70a93ecd

Result  oriented,  innovative  and  analytical  Software  engineer  with  over  10  years  experience  in  product
development. Embedded software for single board computer assemblies, microcontrollers and special test
equipment. Functional test software both automated test equipment for semiconductors and windows device
driver  software  for  special  test  equipment.  I  had  implemented  test  methods  and  procedures  for  single
board computers, microcontrollers, and semiconductor products. Process improvement, yield analysis, test
time  reduction,  failure  analysis,  hardware  troubleshooting,  test  coverage  and  problem  solving  skills.  High
volume product development, manufacturing and support. Compliance with ISO […] and DO-178B quality and
regulatory standards.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
Ametek Drexelbrook  -  Horsham, PA - 2014 to 2014

Developed LabView Software USB serial interface for CoolMuscle Motor control. Used Microsoft Visual Studio
2010 to implement an Ethernet interface using C++ and C# to communicate with Thermotron environmental
test chamber.

Embedded Systems Software Engineer
Globus Medical  -  Audubon, PA - 2010 to 2013

Developed  embedded  software  for  Microchip  PIC32  and  Texas  Instrument  CC430  microcontrollers  using
MPLAB IDE, IAR and TI code composer Integrated Development environments (IDEs). Xcode4 developing
iOS applications. Selected projects include:
• TI MSP430 to MSP430 RF communication interface using CC1101 radio core.
• Zarlink 7502 RF communication interface software for medical implantable.
• TI MSP430, Microchip PIC32 UART, SPI and I2C Bus communication interface.
• TI MSP430 Power Management Implementation (sleep and low power modes).
• Flush Tool Emulator debugger and Embedded C programing using MPLAB and IAR IDEs.
• TI CC2540 CC2541 Bluetooth Low Energy Firmware knowledge.
• Developed iOS application using Xcode4 IDE.

Embedded Software Engineer Sr
Lockheed Martin Corp  -  Owego, NY - 2005 to 2009

Developed LabView Device Driver Software for STE (Special Test Equipment).
Designed  and  Implemented  User  Interface  LabView  Software  for  Production  Functional  initial  checkout,
Burning, Customer acceptance, Factory acceptance, Vibration and EMI tests.
Supported Software quality for functionsl, regression and system performance tests.
Developed Embedded functional test software (FTS) for Power PC single Board computer.
Developed test plans, scenarios and cases.
Designed, built and maintained automated test software.
Selected projects include:
• FTS Software Development PowerPC single Boards Computer and FPGA Lamps Boards.

Software Development Engineer Sr

Endicott Interconnect Technologies - 2004 to 2005

Developed STE software using LabView/LabWindows and Test Stand from concept to fully automated.
Implemented test sequences for sub-assemblies. PCB Layout and Schematic capture Using Allegro Software.
Determined automation needs and performance testing strategies.
Selected projects include:
• LabView Software Development for: Ethernet, GPIB, RS232, I2C controlled devices on PXI Chassis.

Product Test Development Engineer
IBM Microelectronics Division  -  Essex Junction, VT - 1999 to 2003

Developed C/C++ software for Advantest 6671 automated manufacturing test equipment on UNIX (Solaris,
Aix) environment. Wrote DOS batch files and Perl scripts for procedure and test automation.
Implemented and supported PLL, DAC and ADC test methods. Selected projects include:
• Inplemented software test program from qualification to production for multi-million Qualcomm Puma Mobile
module.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering
Northeastern University - Boston, MA

LINKS

http://linkedin.com/pub/dir/Larbi/Seddiki

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Integrated Development Environment: Xcode4, Microchip MPLAB, Texas Instruments IAR, TI Code Composer,
Eclipse, Microsoft Visual Studio.
Software Tools: C/C++, C#, LabView, CLR, Java, Perl.
Operating Systems: DOS Windows, UNIX (Solaris, Aix, C-shell, K-shell), VxWorks, Linux, iOS.
Databases: Doors (requirements database), Team Track (web base software trouble reports).
Software Version Control: Product Data Management, Configuration Management and Source Safe.

