Mikhael Robertson

IT/Telecom Support

Yeadon, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mikhael-Robertson/5210c49a34b9707f

Ten years of proven Telecommunication business experience, demonstrating installation, configuration and
customer service skill on a national level. Project Manager of a major software conversion for 70 banks in tri-
state area. Advanced training in network system and extensive hands -on technical experience maintaining
telecommunication, electronic systems.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Test Engineer
Xerox Corporation  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2016 to Present

Responsibilities
PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES. Tester to perform Field and lab Testing at customer site in
Philadelphia, PA on a complex project within the transportation industry. On Septa Transit subway and regional
rail  .  The  job  would  be  to  ride  buses  and  train  stop  to  tap  supplied  fare  media,  use  fare  media  kiosks  to
purchase fare media, and use turnstiles/ADA gates with purchased fare media by following a test script to test
system functions and keep track of results. Working with current hardware and software technologies and the
proven ability to efficiently provide test analysis services for large scale complex systems. Knowledge of RF ID
systems Knowledge of Share Point, JIRA, Seibel, Oracle and Java. Installation of new Payment Technologies
Acceptance test Procedure. Produced for Affiliated Computer Services. (ACS) commissioning Procedure ,
covers both physical and functional aspects of the ASD installation . commissioning of the equipment is only
passed once all test steps are successfully , no tool are required to perform the IAT but printer , must be load
with appropriate stock, Required Tools Transit Chek,are required for check reader , one or more contactless
media for taps Septa smart media may serve as proxies for valid credit cards

Customer Engineer
NCR Corp  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2015 to December 2015

Working as Contractor in the tri-states area. As Field Engineer where to provided and maintain all equipment for
all Banks, Retailor and Convenient stores equipment such as ATM machine , register, printers and BNA, cash
&coin acceptor printer equipment . must Maintains, analyzes, troubleshoots, and repairs computer systems,
hardware and Software, computer peripherals, 100 % traveling throughout Tristate area

Field Engineer Technician
CompuCom /T-Mobile /Wal-Mart/ Xerox   -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2012 to May 2015

T-Mobile Store in Tri-State Area, Philadelphia, Delaware, New Jersey 
Maintains, analyzes, troubleshoots, and repairs computer systems, hardware and computer peripherals.
* Documents, maintains, upgrades or replaces hardware and software systems.
* Supports and maintains Equipment: porter system computer, (backup and Imagine HP Laptop Avaya phone,
Cherry Key broad’s printers all network application and Offer remote Assistance * Trains employees, identifies,
analyzes, and repairs product failures, orders and replaces parts as needed.
* Relies on instructions and pre-established guidelines to perform the functions of the job...
* Primary job functions do typically require exercising independent judgment.

Wal-Mart project covering all stores in tri-states area over seeing all hardware, printers, thin client, Pharmacy
computer. Xerox/Aetna working as desktop Engineer. Assist field tech in troubleshoot client equipment. Using
Xerox ticket system that aloud tech to remote into client site from home office to state to state. Install software
and hardware, computer ,laptop, thin client I pads Avaya integration with Polycom environment

IMP Engineer
Samsung /Sprint (short term contactor)  -  Milwaukee, WI - April 2013 to October 2013

Working as Field Engineer where to provided and maintain all cell site equipment . As af lead tech on the Sprint /
Samsung Project .Providing hand on experience in diagnosis and troubleshoot of such .switch equipment as
Cisco ASR901, ALU (Alcatel Lucent and the legacy BTS Carrier ,LMU, T1 CABLE FIBE CABLE. Field Tech
must have Knowledge of all location within cell cabin. When starting system upgrade of new hardware and
software equipment must call back to network center to verify all equipment and T1 line with lead Engineer.
Verify location of old Equipment that sit in cell cabin here are step must be taking to complete upgrade project
underneath  the  first  DU  shelf,  and  the  IP  aggregator  router  for  all  the  cabinet  (Radio  Access  /  Backhaul)
components.  The  ASR901  is  part  of  .Cisco’s  RAN  Backhaul  series  that  is  making  a  physical  break  in  the
demark cabling to have the T1 from the carriers NIU / Smart Jack go to 
.
the ASR901 Input side and the legacy BTS existing Cabling to Legacy BTS Carrier T1 from Smart Jack 
.ALU (Alcatel Lucent) BTS T1 migration, using the existing 66 Block demark to extend the serving T1 (IN), and
(RTN) pass-through back to the legacy BTS.

Field Technician II
Telecom-prime/AT&T   -  Frisco, TX - January 2012 to July 2013

Cell site in and out doors 
.Provided network support for new installation and system conversion projects. Staged and setup new Siad
cards identify LMU , circuits telecommunication resources (i.e., data and voice .circuits, SIAD , T-1 circuit LMU
switch for cell site in tri-state area , doing head to head testing. Migration of ALU_GSM O E Migration Avaya
integration with Polycom environment - Mobile devices technology & integration - Advantage

Network Test Engineer
Chinook Wireless  -  Wayne, PA - April 2007 to February 2008

Duties: performs scheduled and unscheduled maintenance and testing of MSC, MSS, HLR, SGSN, and GGSN.
Monitors PCS system daily for duration using appropriate test equipment .respond to resolve system minimal
time frame. Coordinates and assists in implementation of new software updates and enhancement.
•  Assist  RF  technician  in  resolving  Base  Station  problems  regardless  of  the  nature  T1,  Microwave,
implementation  of  new  equipment  to  support  growth.  Maintains  and  troubleshoot  as  required  all  auxiliary
equipment connected to switch including microwave and light- wave equipment, voice mail and DSX panel.
E911 install work with Traffic system look at routing of all e911 call traffic remote site (Montana).install of 1800
number and testing , local and long district , working in excel for billing issue and removing from switch
•  Ensure  billing 
Center.24X7 .Verification process outside vendor and utility companies.

in  Network  Operation

tape  procedures  are 

followed 

from  FTP.  All 

location 

Network Technician
Cingular/AT&T Wireless  -  King of Prussia, PA - October 2006 to March 2007

Duties: working on E911 Project as Network Field Switch Opps -Phila market used Ericssion Switch doing
remotes cross connection from network operation center to cell sites .Build new semi-pern connection using
BSC with /APG commands and BSC with SPG commands , configuration and testing of , 850 mhz,1900mhz ,
LMU , Ph power wave Erickson BTS trial.
• Using TDMA and GSM platform, working with Microsoft Excel, and Unix.

•  Experience  with  wireless  communications,  spread  spectrum  acquisition,  modulation/demodulation
techniques, GSM or TDMA Technical Assistance Group.
• Ericsson RNOC Surveillance Engineer. Main responsibilities will include provisioning, troubleshooting, alarm
handling,  creating  trouble-tickets,  supporting  field  technicians,  monitoring,  configurations  and  integration.
Install of 1800 , local and long district number as well working in excel for billing phone and removing number

Network installer
TECH USA   -  Houston, TX - May 2006 to September 2006

Subcontractor working as network technician installs wireless alarm system phone line and cable line. On
network  side  installing  monitor,  computer  equipment  T1  line  .Doing  site  survey  for  all  location  in  Houston
TX. *Provide remote support to all external customers using telephone and network resources. Use trouble
ticketing system for documenting support details and for managing support follow up. Rapid detection and
resolution of system/component failures and errors. On-site visits may be required for support or maintenance
that cannot be done remotely.
*Maintain working knowledge of problem reports. Utilize telephone and trouble ticket database to notify Senior
Support Engineers of severe system outages. Effectively communicate details of problems to internal and
external customers.
*Upon customer request, provide detailed status of existing trouble reports via email and telephone. Assist
customers with routine requests, questions and concerns through research and resolution. Handle a moderate
volume of inbound customer calls.
*Participate  in  Trouble  Report  Meetings  and  provide  current  ticket  status  and  assigned  Trouble  Reports.
Perform remote maintenance of software and equipment as required. Maintain and administer Windows 2003,
Windows Vista, Mac OS/9 and Mac OS/X platforms. Knowledge of VB a

Data Repair Analyst
Broadview Network  -  Horsham, PA - December 2003 to April 2005

Responsible  for  analyzing  dialup,  DSl,  T1  and  VoIP  connectivity  problems,  interpret  testing  result  and
determine if the equipment /circuits vendor connection lines or routing issues are cause and initiate measures
for prompt rectification DNS problems work with the appropriate organization within the company for timely
resolution.
• Properly configures customer premise equipment. Properly updates any circuit change require in Radius,
DNS 500 and Web hosting databases. Coordinate network repair and dispatch the appropriate vendor and
specialist depending on the type issues Very high volume phone calls and troubles tickets report network
outage on problems or issues that affect customer

EDUCATION

Information Technology
ITT Technical Institute
2010

Engineering Technology
Drexel University & Delaware County College
2004 to 2005

Technology
Katharine Gibbs School - Norristown, PA
September 2001 to 2003

Marketing

Saint Joseph University Phila Pa
September 1996 to September 1998

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
• Lucent Technology Multimedia Training Course: System Fundamentals, AM Maintenance, SM Hardware,
CM Hardware, Line & Trunk Maintenance, Switch Translation Recent Change, Global System Mobile (GSM),
Cellular System Mobile (CSM)
• Advanced Training Class: Ericsson Switch, Nokia Switch, SS7 Signaling, Mobile Switch Center Function
(ECP), AXC 10 Digital System, Data Link Analyzer (DLA), Adtran […] Banks), Hekiman Tester T-1, Window
2000,Server, Window XP, Remedy Electronic, Circuit Acceptance T1,DS3,CSU,ISDN,Line,Northern Telecom
DNS 250 and 500 .Siemen Hipath […] PBX switch ,Expression voice mail system ,Ms Exchange

