Monika Dhar

Lead engineer - HCL technologies, Noida

Malvern, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Monika-Dhar/a4fde412ee7e6651

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Lead engineer
HCL technologies, Noida  -  San Jose, CA - October 2008 to Present

Total 9.3 years of experience, worked 7.3 years in Samsung electronics [India, USA (San Jose, New Jersey)
& South Korea] and 2 years for HCL technologies, Noida.

Samsung India electronics Pvt. Ltd. (Oct 2008 - Till Date)
Samsung  is  a  South  Korean  multinational  conglomerate  company  headquartered  in  Seoul.  It  comprises
numerous subsidiaries and affiliated businesses, most of them united under the Samsung brand.

➢ Designation: Lead engineer.

Key Successes in Samsung
➢ Awarded employee of the month in 2011.
➢ Awarded employee of the month again in 2013.
➢ Received certificate of excellence for handling Android projects.
➢ Certified in foundation level ISTQB.
➢ Certified for Leadership Programme, time Management Programme from Harvard e-learning programme.
➢ Trainer for leadership Programme in Samsung.

1. Project Overview: VoLTE Muscat (Samsung Note4), Merlot (Samsung Note4 edge).
➢ OS: Android.
➢ Tools Used: Odin, PLM.

lead engineer in samsung, new jersey
HCL technologies, Noida - February 2015 to April 2015

Planning and scheduling test activities for team.
➢ Creating and executing test cases for epdg, hVolte.
➢ Understanding of SIP message flow.
➢ Performing functional, regression and performance testing.
➢ Reporting the issues during field test and providing QXDM logs to R&D.

3. Project Overview: OS upgrade projects.
➢ OS: Android.
➢ Tools Used: Odin, PLM.

Telephonica, AT&T - October 2014 to February 2015

Organization: Samsung electronics, America.
➢ OS: Android, Windows.
➢ Client: Telephonica, AT&T.

➢ Duration: 4 months.

Product description: Galaxy (Android) is a Smartphone.
TocAd is a client-server application for watching ads & accumulating redeemable points. TocAd was tested on
Galaxy & Omnia. Caxixi is a musical application where users can define and play their musical tunes.

Responsibilities:
➢ Creation of the test plan and execution of test cases for applications.
➢ Performing sanity, system, functional, regression and performance testing.
➢ Preparation of test reports & sent to developer.
➢ Reproduced crash scenarios.
➢ Reporting the issues and status of the scenarios to client.

6. Project Overview: BTS testing and testing TocAd & Caxixi applications.

Power Manager
Telephonica, AT&T - June 2014 to October 2014

Duration: 4 months.

Product description:
The Windows Phone 7 test kit includes the BSP test suite (BTS). The test kit, has a different test suite for every
module like Sensors, Battery, Back Light, Display, Power Manager, USB, Input etc.

Responsibilities:
➢ Execution of test suites.
➢ Preparation test reports & sending them to development.
➢ Reproducing crash scenarios.
➢ Reporting the issues and status of the scenarios to client.

7. Project Overview: Vodafone 360 H1, Vodafone 360 M1 [Samsung Smartphone].
➢ Organization: Samsung electronics, South Korea.
➢ OS: Linux.
➢ Client: Vodafone - German.
➢ Duration: 6 months.

Product description: Samsung's Vodafone 360 H1and Vodafone 360 M1 smart phones support Now+ services,
mobile broadband module and all mobile standards like HSPA, WCDMA, EDGE and GSM. HSPA speeds up
to 7.2 Mbps in downlink and 5.7 Mbps in uplink and it is flexible in network selection.

Responsibilities:
➢ Validate the Samsung H1, M1 Vodafone 360 Smartphone Now+ services.
➢ Validate the Bluetooth, DRM, Vodafone music shop, MMS, streaming, video calls, sync ML using Samsung
new PC studio and WAP push messages.
➢ Test planning, sanity, system, regression, performance, load, stress, IOT and Field Testing.
➢ Validation of Vodafone operator testing, GCF testing and MTA testing and field testing.

AT&T, Verizon  -  Muscat - December 2007 to October 2008

Merlot  (strategic  projects)  are  smartphones  that  support  all  the  new  mobile  features  like  LTE  network,
fingerprint sensor, geo tagging, sensors like UV, heart rate, SpO2 etc.

Responsibilities:
➢ Worked as project in charge, made sure to achieve good KPI for project.
➢ Handled team of 25 members for a closed room testing for secured strategic projects.
➢ Made plans for performance, automation, stress, market issues, functional and regression test.
➢ Prepared the software test plan, check/review the test cases document.
➢ Keep track of the new requirements from the project.
➢ Forecast and estimate the project future requirements.
➢ Arrange the hardware and software required for the test setup.
➢ Develop and implement test plans.
➢ Escalate the issues in the application to the R&D/HQ.
➢ Assign task to the testing team members and ensure proper task distribution.
➢ Organize team meetings and prepare the agenda for the meeting to handle the projects efficiently.
➢ Single point of contact from testing to dev. for iterations, testing and next release activities.
➢ Track and report upon testing activities like results, case coverage, resources, defects, status etc.
➢ Document, implement, monitor, and enforce processes and procedures for testing as per standard.
➢ Review various reports prepared by test engineers.
➢ Logging and tracking project related issues in the defect tracking tool identified for the project.
➢ Check for timely delivery of different milestones.

2. Project Overview: VoLTE.

➢ Client: AT&T, Verizon.
➢ Duration: 2.5 years.
➢ Team Size: 10.

Product description: Samsung launches an OS upgrade for every android update, so that customers don't face
any issues after upgrade. I have worked on 17 such projects (KitKat and Lollipop).

Responsibilities:
➢ Worked as project in charge, made sure to achieve good KPI for projects.
➢ Developed Master Test plan & Binary wise Test Plan.
➢ Planned to perform Performance, Automation, FOTA, Stress, Market issues, Functional and Regression
test.
➢ Reporting the issues and status of the scenarios to HQ / R&D.

4. Project Overview: Kessler (Samsung Smartphone).
➢ OS: Linux.
➢ Tools Used: XO downloader, Putty, FileZilla.
➢ Duration: 6 months.
➢ Team Size: 10.

Product  description:  Samsung  Kessler  is  a  smartphone  supporting  features  like  HSPA+  network,  media
browser, message, IM, all share, communities, smart search, active sync, seven email, legacy email etc.

Responsibilities:
➢ Creating and executing test cases for applications.
➢ Involved in SDK testing (telephony emulator, simulator, and GUI builder).
➢ Performing sanity, system, functional, regression and performance testing.

➢ Reporting the issues and status of the scenarios to client.

5. Project Overview: BTS testing and testing tocAd & Caxixi applications.

Software Engineer
HCL Technologies Ltd - October 2006 to October 2008

Oct 2006 - Oct 2008)
HCL is an Indian multinational provider of business consulting, information technology, software engineering
and outsourcing services.

➢ Designation: Software Engineer.

1. Project Name: product automation.
➢ Platform: Windows.

EDUCATION

B. Tech in I.T
AKG Engineering College, UP Technical University
2006

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

➢ Technologies: PVCS, Win-Runner.
➢ Description: Automate all releases of presenter and EmPresent GUI dev. tool.
➢ Contribution: Prepared scripts using TSL for presenter and EmPresent using automation testing tool Win-
Runner.

Product description: Presenter is the user interface development environment that is totally cross platform,
integrated with a web services and translates user interfaces into multiple languages.

Project Overview: Presenter (Cross Platform GUI Development tool on Desktop).

➢ Technologies: C, C++.
➢ OS: Windows, Linux, Solaris, AIX, HP-UX , MAC.
➢ Clients: Pearson, Data Systems, Sun guard, OLF.

Responsibilities:
➢ Creating Test Plan, Designing test cases from requirement specification.
➢ Executing Test Cases, Reporting bugs and performing regression testing.

2. Project Name: Product testing.
➢ Platform: Windows, HP-UX, AIX, Solaris.

➢ Technologies: Serena team track, PVCS.
➢ Description: To test new releases of presenter.
➢ Contribution: Worked as a manual tester for testing presenter - GUI development tool. Bug analysis, testing
and verification of patches released.

Project Overview: Microsoft dynamics retail management system (MS RMS).
➢ Organization: HCL technologies, Noida.
➢ Releases: Service pack1 (MS RMS SP1).
➢ Client: Microsoft corporation, USA.
➢ Duration: 7 months.
➢ Team Size: 4 (Test team).

Product description: Microsoft retail management system is an easy and affordable way to automate stores for
small and mid-size retailers. It helps to manage a wide range of store operations and retail headquarters tasks.

Responsibilities:
➢ Creating test plan, designing test cases from requirement specification.
➢ Executing test cases, reporting bugs and performing regression testing.

Software Skill Set
➢ Testing Tools: Win Runner, VNCRobot.
➢ Platform: Android, SLP, LiMo.
➢ Languages: C, C++, JAVA.
➢ Config. Mgmt. Tool: PLM, PVCS.
➢ Other Tools known: QXDM, Clear Quest(CQ), SPS server, FileZilla, code-coverage, purifier, team track,
PM smart.

