Nicole Grant

Software developer responsible for developing - Coriell Institute for Medical Research

Mount Laurel, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nicole-Grant/ba0a5e9a619fd45c

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Software Engineer
Wealth2k  -  Charleston, SC - October 2013 to Present

Responsibilities
• Technology and tools used: Java, J2EE, XML, XSLT, MSSQL Server, SQL, JavaScript, Dojo, HTML
• As the sole software developer, responsible for developing, debugging, testing and integrating a Financial
Resource Planning tool written in Java, JavaScript, HTML, XML, XSLT, JSON and other libraries. Responsible
for distribution of software product, maintaining all network and hosting system, creating new functionality and
all testing. 

Accomplishments
Major upgrade from java 6 to Java 8. Miigrated database from MSSQL Server 2008 to MSSQL Server 2012.

Skills Used
Java, J2EE, XML, XSLT, MSSQL Server, SQL, JavaScript, Dojo, HTML

Software developer responsible for developing
Coriell Institute for Medical Research - January 2011 to Present

Software developer responsible for developing, debugging, testing and integrating LIMS (Laboratory Inventory
Management  System)  with  custom  software  and  IBM  Websphere  Lombardi  Edition.  Responsible  for
developing custom interfaces to manage lab processing and inventory of millions of lab samples. Created over
300 stored procedures for the database interface.

Software Engineer Contractor
General Dynamics Information Technology - August 2010 to January 2011

Software developer responsible for developing, debugging, testing and integrating Machine Control Systems
software in VxWorks OS and Windows OS. Using C# and .Net to interface with third party software solution.

Software Engineer
Lockheed Martin - November 2003 to August 2010

Software  developer  responsible  for  converting  an  ADA  program  to  a  Java  SOA  application.  Designed,
developed and implemented this Fault Detection and Fault Isolation tool with EJBs and persistence using
SPRING and Hibernate. Used middleware applications to communicate with APIs. Earned a Lockheed Martin
Corporate Team Special Recognition Award in recognition of innovative product development.
• Software Lead of 5 person software development team responsible for defining the architecture, designing
and  implementing  an  open-architected  custom  web  application  used  to  display  mission  readiness  status.
Defined and implemented APIs for existing products and third party vendor products to interface with the web
based portal.
• Tornado IMS product developer responsible for interfacing with a third party COTS authoring and publishing
tool. Developed XML and FOSI code to automate technical document generation and delivery. Created a Java
web application to deliver documents. Awarded a SPOT award for contributions.

• Developed, designed and tested display and processing code for the TTWCS program, using C++ and Java
in an UNIX environment. Implemented developer tools for GUI development utilized by the development team
to automate and speed up the GUI development process. Responsible for porting 500,000 lines of code in a
three month period from HP 10.2 UNIX to a Linux environment, including the CORBA implementation update.
• AMOD Tad product developer responsible for developing the CM application code in Java using J2EE, JSP,
Java Script and Servlets for GUI portions.
• Developed, designed and tested math and algorithm related application code for DS Programs, using Java
and C#/.Net.

Software Engineer
Siemens Health Services - July 2003 to November 2003

Developed software solutions for components of the Radiology application including interfaces to ADT, result
processing, Voice Interfaces and network interfaces. Implemented interface between application programs
and Radiology System.

Software Engineer
Front Porch Digital - May 2003 to July 2003

Front Porch Digital - Implemented a GUI based tool, using Java, C++ and Visual C++ to develop and maintain
broadcast software solutions. Implemented and interfaced with Oracle database.

Software Engineer
NCO Group - January 2003 to May 2003

Developed, tested and integrated programs, using C++ and C in a UNIX environment developed, tested and
integrated programs to automate all financial aspects of collection applications.

Software Engineer
Lucent Technologies - June 2000 to December 2002

Using MFC Visual C++ and ActiveX components designed and implemented a GUI based tool used to develop,
maintain and manufacture wireless cell phone base stations.
• Using C++ and C languages in a UNIX environment, developed wrappers that enabled top-level software
that reside in Windows 2000, Windows 98 and NT4.0 environments to communicate with Lucent proprietary
3G low-level hardware components.
• Using UML design methodologies and Rational Rose tools, developed design specifications to effectively
communicate with system software and hardware designers. Implemented the data-sharing code using XML
and COM.
• Using VxWorks and C code, implemented low-level software APIs performing functions such as formatting
serial memory devices.
• Participated in all stages of software development including requirements definition, coding, unit test, and
system level integration and test.

Software Engineer
Lockheed Martin - April 1997 to June 2000

Used Rational Rose, Rational test products and object-oriented methodology to document and communicate
the software design.
• Implemented complex algorithms essential to the performance of a next generation decision aide in C and
C++. Interfaced the application and Oracle databases using SQL. Implemented code utilizing shared memory
and TCP/IP sockets.
• Managed a large-scale software development project in a distributed processing environment. Monitored
budget  and  cost  performance  of  subcontractors  on  the  software  development  project.  Developed  and

monitored manpower schedules and delivery schedules. Designed a web-based information-tracking database
used to maintain issue related data.

Software Support Specialist
Computer Sciences Corp - June 1993 to March 1997

Member  of  the  Multi-Element  Integrated  Test  team  responsible  for  installation  and  testing  of  operating
systems and real-time computer programs and software. Responsible for installing, updating, maintaining,
and archiving computer programs and systems. Configuration Management duties included preparing and
installing engineering updates as well as making QA deliveries following defined CM/DM processes.

Imagery Analyst
United States Marine Corps - September 1985 to June 1993

Interpreted and analyzed multi-spectral, electro-optical and advanced synthetic radar images in support of
training and operations of US Armed Forces. Analyzed digitized imagery data to prepare and present daily
intelligence briefings for US Armed Forces in support of operations.

EDUCATION

M.S. in Computer Science
Stevens Institute of Technology
May 2008

B.S. in Computer Science
Drexel University
1999

SKILLS

Java, C++, C#, .Net

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

* Experienced in all aspects of Client/Server environments software development and design.
* Experienced in all aspects of web development and design.
* Implemented software across all stages of life cycle development. Proven record of implementation.
* Multi-tasker able to manage supporting multiple projects.
* Most comfortable in quickly changing technical environments.
* Very strong organizational and analytical skills.
* Previously held Top Secret, SBI, and Poly
* Honorably discharged US Marine

Technical Expertise
Languages Java, C++, C# .NET, C, Visual Basic, UML, XML, HTML
Architectures SOA, Client/Server, Open Architecture
APIs Swing, Javadoc, Java Beans, J2EE(EJBs, JSP, Servlets, RMI), MFC
Frameworks J2EE, JSF, .NET, CORBA, SPRING, Hibernate
Technologies .NET, ATL, COM, STL, MFC
Application Servers Tomcat, JBoss
Concepts Multithreading, OOA/OOD Methodology (Rational Rose), Design Patterns, Refactoring

Operating Systems Linux, UNIX, Windows (95, 98, 2000, NT, XP), VxWorks
Databases MySQL, ORACLE

