Rahul Gutta

Sr. Network Engineer - BlackRock

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rahul-Gutta/148684d7401239a7

➢ Over 7 years of experience in Network design, Security, Tier support of Networks in various environments.
➢ Experience working with security devices such as Firewalls, VPN switches and Intrusion Detection Systems.
➢ Extensive experience working on Cisco and Juniper routers/switches in complex environments with multiple
ISPs.
➢ Expert in dealing with Networking Protocols and Standards such as TCP/IP, OSI, UDP, Layer 2 (VLANs,
STP, VTP), Routing Protocols (RIP, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP), WAN technologies (Frame relay, IPSec, VPNs,
MPLS), QoS.
➢ Conversions to BGP WAN routing. Which will be to convert WAN routing from OSPF to BGP (OSPF is used
for local routing only) which involves new wan links.
➢ Experience working on Cloud Computing Virtualization using VMware ESXi 4.0 and Windows Hyper-V.
➢ Experience on Network Monitoring & Testing tools such as Wireshark/Ethereal, Cisco Works, and IXIA.
➢ Good understanding of VoIP implementation and protocols such as H.323, RTP, and SIP.
➢  Experience  in  troubleshooting  NAT  configurations,  Access-Lists  (ACL),  and  DNS/DHCP  related  issues
within the LAN network.
➢  In-depth  expertise  in  the  analysis,  implementation,  troubleshooting  &  documentation  of  LAN/WAN
architecture and good experience on IP services.
➢ Good understanding of cable management such as CAT3/4/5, Fiber-Optic (Multi & Single mode fibers).
➢ Knowledge of Subnetting IPv4/IPv6 addresses and IP address management.
➢ Experience in configuring HSRP and redistribution between routing protocols troubleshooting them.
➢ Familiar with security products such as Cisco ISE
➢ Implementation of HSRP, VRRP and GLBP for Default Gateway Redundancy.
➢ In-depth knowledge and hands-on experience on IP Addressing, Sub netting, VLSM and ARP, reverse &
proxy ARP, Ping Concepts.
➢ Cisco ASA/Checkpoint Firewall troubleshooting and policy change requests for new IP segments that either
come on line or that may have been altered during various planned network changes on the network.
➢ Hands-on experience with TCP/IP, LANs, WANs, and WLANs (WiFi) Cisco VPN Concentrators, F5 Fire
pass SSL VPN, 6509 Core Datacenter designs.
➢ Replaced aging Checkpoint firewall architecture with new next generation Palo Alto appliances serving as
firewalls and URL and application inspection
➢ Worked on Palo Alto Firewall
➢ Worked on Cisco ASA 5500 series firewalls.
➢ Worked on Cisco Nexus 5010 Switch.
➢ Experience in F5, Cisco ACE 4710 Load balancers.
➢ Exposure to Cisco WAAS, WCS.
➢ Expert Level Knowledge about TCP/IP and OSI models.
➢ Knowledge of implementing and troubleshooting complex layer 2 technologies such as VLAN Trunks, VTP
Ether channel, STP, RSTP and MST.
➢ Excellent communication skills to interact with team members and support personnel and also can act as
a mentor to less experienced personnel
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Sponsorship required to work in the US

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. Network Engineer
BlackRock  -  Wilmington, DE - January 2015 to Present

Responsibilities:
➢ Dealt with implementation, deployment related to Cisco devices and applying security policies.
➢ Troubleshoot issues related to VLAN, VLAN Trunking, HSRP failovers and related issues.
➢ Planning for upgrade of IOS on devices and performing the upgrade.
➢ Assisted in the architecture, evaluation and recommendations related to purchasing and installing hardware,
software related to IP Networking.
➢ Responsible for maintaining the entire Routing and switching domain across the campus / Branch to head
office
➢ And also the Layer-2 campus network across the remote branches which included configuring VLANs
➢ And Trunks, Spanning Tree protocol, Port-Security, VLAN-MAPs and DOT1X for switches and Wireless.
➢ Monitored network traffic and developed capacity planning initiatives, making necessary recommendations
additional resources or hardware.
➢  Responsible  for  creating  network  documents  and  Visio  drawings  for  smooth  and  efficient  network
operations.
➢ Configured Juniper MX480s, EX8200s, EX4500s, EX4200s, and SRX5800s from scratch to match design.
➢ Possess a good experience working with the Trouble Tickets on F5 Load balancers.
➢ Switching experience includes Cisco Catalyst switches: CISCO 3750, 4500, 6500 series switches.
➢ Managing enterprise BGP setup by configuring and troubleshooting BGP related issues. Responsible
➢ for adding new BGP peers for remote branch offices and business partners.
➢ Worked as part of a team to manage Enterprise Network Infrastructure as a Tier 3 Support Engineer.
➢ Involved in Configuring and implementing of Composite Network models consists of Cisco7600, 7200, 3800
series and ASR 9k, GSR 12K routers and Cisco 2950, 3500, 5000, 6500 Series switches.
➢ Implemented Positive Enforcement Model with the help of Palo Alto Networks
➢ Configured networks using routing protocols such as OSPF, BGP and manipulated routing updates using
route-map, distribute list and administrative distance for on-demand Infrastructure.
➢ Experienced with Juniper: EX-2200, EX-4200, EX-4500, MX-480, and M Series, SRX210, SRX240.
➢ Configured BIG IP (F5) Load balancers and also monitored the Packet Flow in the Load balancers.
➢ Configured OSPF and BGP on Juniper M and MX series Routers
➢ Configured VLAN, Spanning tree, VSTP, SNMP on EX series switches
➢  Responsible  for  turning  up  BGP  peering  and  customer  sessions,  as  well  as  debugging  BGP  routing
problems.
➢ Designing and Implementation of (LAN) VLANs, VTP, Spanning Tree (STP), Trunking (dot1q and ISL) and
Ether channel.
➢ Configuring rules and Maintaining Palo Alto Firewalls & Analysis of firewall logs using various tools
➢ Administration of ASA firewalls in the DMZ and FWSM in the Server Farm to provide security
➢ and controlled/restricted access.

Sr. Network Engineer
McDonald Corporation  -  Chicago, IL - November 2013 to December 2014

Responsibilities:
➢ Configure / Troubleshoot CISCO 12000, 7500, 3800 series routers and 3560 series switch for LAN/WAN
connectivity.
➢ Involved in design and implementation of Data Center Migration, worked on implementation strategies for
the expansion of the MPLS VPN networks
➢ Experience configuring VPC, VDC and ISSU software upgrade in Nexus 7010

➢ Experience in Configuring, upgrading and verifying NX-OS operation system with OSPF, BGP
➢  Actively  involved  in  Switching  technology  Administration  including  creating  and  managing  VLANS,  Port
security-  802.1x,  Trucking  802.1Q,  RPVST+,  Inter-VLAN  routing,  and  LAN  security  on  Cisco  Catalyst
Switches4507R+E, 6509-E and Cisco Nexus Switches 2232, 5596, 7009.
➢ Troubleshooting of complex LAN/WAN infrastructure that include routing protocols EIGRP, OSPF & BGP,
MPLS
➢ Experience with deploying PIM Sparse-mode/Dense-mode multicasting in Campus locations.
➢ Serve as part of a team of network engineers responsible for base wide network upgrade from Cisco Layer
3 Catalyst switches to Juniper Layer 3 EX4200 & EX3200 switches.
➢ Design, implement and administer IPv4 enterprise network infrastructure utilizing Juniper routers like Juniper
MX80, MX 480 and MX960.
➢ Involved in Configuration of Access lists (ACL) on checkpoint firewall for the proper network routing for the
B2B network connectivity.
➢ Experienced in handling and installing Palo Alto Firewalls
➢ Configure all Palo Alto Networks Firewall models (PA-2k, PA-3k, PA-5k etc.)
➢ Serve as part of a team of network engineers responsible for base wide network upgrade from Cisco Layer
3 Catalyst switches to Juniper Layer 3 EX4200 & EX3200 switches.
➢ Experience working with ASR 9000 series switches with IOS-XR
➢ Involved in configuring Juniper SSG-140 and Check point firewall.
➢ Provided Layer-3 redundancy by implementing HSRP and GLBP for High availability
➢ Implementation and Configuration ( Profiles, I Rules) of F5 Big-IP LTM-6400 load balancers
➢ Implemented Access lists and policy mapping on Juniper router installed in each branch across all the states.
➢ Worked on configuration commissioning and upgradation of the MPLS circuits for various branch offices.

Network Engineer
Emerson  -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh - July 2010 to September 2013

Responsibilities:
➢ Configuring ACL to allow only authorized users to access the servers.
➢ Maintain effective communications with vendors, peers and clients in resolution of trouble-tickets, equipment
➢ RMAs, and support requests.
➢ Troubleshoot Hardware, Cisco IOS, install and configure Cisco routers and switches.
➢ Participated in on call support in troubleshooting the configuration and installation issues.
➢ Installation, Maintenance, Troubleshooting Local and Wide Areas Network by using ISDN, Frame relay,
DDR, NAT, DHCP, and TCP/IP.
➢ Manage and coordinate all infrastructure related moves, adds, and changes.
➢ Implement, and maintain Local/Wide Area Network over 13 branches.
➢ Configured OSPF, BGP on Juniper M and MX series Routers.
➢ Worked in Configuration and extension of VLAN from one network segment to other segment
➢ between different vendor switches (Cisco, Juniper)
➢ Provided Technical support in terms of upgrading, improving and expanding the network.
➢  Providing  technical  security  proposals,  detailed  RFP  responses,  security  presentation,  installing  and
configuring ASA firewalls, VPN networks and redesigning customer security architectures.
➢ Project to migrate/re-design 700+ customer connections (MPLS & Frame) out of retired
➢ Data center to new Juniper M120.
➢ Time to time upgrade network connectivity between branch office and regional office with multiple link paths
and routers running HSRP, EIGRP in unequal cost load balancing to build resilient network.
➢ Configured network using routing protocols such as OSPF, BGP and troubleshooting L2/L3 issues.
➢ Configuration of NAT.
➢ Design and implement Catalyst/ASA Firewall Service Module for various LAN's.

➢ Key contributions include troubleshooting of complex LAN/WAN infrastructure that include routing protocols
EIGRP, OSPF & BGP.
➢ Configured Client VPN technologies including Cisco's VPN client via IPSEC.
➢ Configure switch VLANs and inter-switch communication. Build and setup network Laboratory.
➢ Actively involved in troubleshooting on network problems with Wireshark, identifying and fixing problems.

Network Engineer
BirlaSoft - May 2008 to June 2010

Responsibilities:
➢ Used TFTP server to backup Cisco configuration files.
➢ Provided technical support for expansion of the existing network architecture to incorporate new users.
➢ Network layer tasks included configuration of IP Addressing using FLSM, VLSM for all applications and
servers throughout the company
➢ Configured STP for loop prevention on Cisco Catalyst Switches
➢ Configured VTP to manage VLAN database throughout the network for Inter-VLAN Routing.
➢ Worked in setting up inter-VLAN routing, redistribution, access-lists and dynamic routing.
➢ Involved in configuring and implementing of Composite Network models consists of Cisco 3750, 2620 and,
1900 series routers and Cisco 2950, 3500 Series switches.
➢ Implemented various Switch Port Security features as per the company's policy
➢ Configured OSPF, and EIGRP on 2901 and 3925 Cisco routers.
➢ Configured VLANS to isolate different departments
➢ Troubleshoot issues related to VLAN, VLAN Trunking, HSRP failovers, related issues.
➢ Configured IPSEC VPN on SRX series firewalls
➢  Design,  installation  and  troubleshooting  networks  with  hand-on  experience  with  OSPF,  BGP,  VPLS,
Multicast, VPN, MPLS, & Traffic engineering.
➢ Involved in implementation of trunking using Dot1Q, and ISL on Cisco Catalyst Switches
➢ Worked with snipping tools like Ethereal (Wireshark) to analyze the network problems.
➢ Maintenance and troubleshooting of network connectivity problems using PING, Trace Route.
➢ Performed replacements of failed hardware and upgraded software
➢ Performed scheduled Virus Checks & Updates on all Servers & Desktops.
➢ Implementing Routing and Switching using the following protocols; OSPF, BGP on Juniper M series routers.
➢ Involved in Local Area Network (LAN) implementation, troubleshooting, and maintenance as per company's
requirements.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Operating Systems Windows (Server […] Vista, Windows 7), Linux OS
Routers Cisco […] ASR1001, 2900, 3900, 7200, 7600 & ASR9000
Switches Cisco 3750, 4507, 4510 & 6500 series switches, Nexus 7010, 5548
Routing MPLS, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, RIP-2, PBR, IS-IS, Route Filtering, Redistribution, Summarization, Static
Routing
Switching
LAN, VTP, STP, PVST+, RPVST+, Inter VLAN routing & Multi-Layer Switch, Multicast operations, Layer 3
Switches, Ether channels, Transparent Bridging.

Network security Cisco (ASA, PIX) 5510, Palo Alto, juniper, ACL, IPSEC VPN, GRE VPN, NAT/PAT, Filtering,
Load Balancing, IDS/IPS,
Load Balancer F5 Networks (Big-IP) LTM Module, Cisco ACE 30 load balancer
LAN Ethernet (IEEE 802.3), Fast Ethernet, Gigabit Ethernet.

WAN
Leased lines 128k - 155Mb (PPP / HDLC), Channelized links […] Fiber Optic Circuits, Frame Relay, ISDN,
Load Balancing. Various Features & Services: IOS and Features, HSRP, GLBP, IRDP, NAT, SNMP, SYSLOG,
NTP, DHCP, CDP, TFTP and FTP Management

AAA Architecture TACACS+, RADIUS, Cisco ACS
Network Management SNMP, Solar Winds, HP open view, and Wire shark
Reports and Network Diagrams Microsoft (Visio pro.)

