Ralph Marrone

Senior Software Engineer - Accenture

Collegeville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ralph-Marrone/a02388d283ee5ce6

An  experienced  and  self-motivated  professional  with  extensive  application  and  database  development.
Capable of creative and productive work in a variety of business settings. Expertise includes full software
lifecycle development and strong cross-disciplined experience in software development, infrastructure and
operations.

TECHNICAL BACKGROUND

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Software Engineer
Accenture - January 2011 to Present

Senior software engineer for a leading procurement outsourcing and servicing firm.

• Lead Oracle developer for the GDM team specializing in database application performance. Leveraged the
Oracle Explain Plan and tkprof utilities to identify and refactor inefficient SQL, as well as, PL/SQL packaged
procedures and functions. In some cases have reduced run times from over 10 hours to under 10 minutes.
• Oracle Apex front-end development and Oracle PL/SQL back-end development for the BCOS and Radix
systems.
• Implemented the Release Management procedure that has run smoothly and efficiently with zero installation
issues.
• Prototyped the ability to make REST web service calls from an Apex application.
• Prototyped the Apex front-end file search application to provide Radix users the capability to select multiple
file attachments from the database to be bundled into one zip file.

Consultant
Pfizer - February 2008 to January 2011

Responsible for development and maintenance of the Oracle-based backend processes for the FieldConnect
sales force support application.

• Developed the SQL reports to verify the data migration from Legacy Wyeth's FieldConnect system to Pfizer's
Atlas Sales Management system. Leveraged Composite Software Studio for this task.
• Interacted with the business analysts to develop the requirements for the downstream data feeds.
• Developed and tested Oracle PL/SQL scripts and packages to generate data feeds for internal and external
downstream systems.
• Tech lead on the project to store all of US Commercial's source code in CVS. Entailed working with many
groups to identify and resolve issues.

Senior Application Developer
VWR International - April 1999 to February 2008

Responsible  for  development  and  maintenance  of  Oracle  backend  processes  that  support  the  selling  and
distribution of science products.

• Re-engineered the HPUX Production Environment to support the Password Security Model. This greatly
eased the promotion of code from development to QA to Production.
• Designed and implemented backend processes employing the following technologies: Perl, Oracle PL/SQL,
UNIX KSH, Java, XSLT, and ANT.
•  Developed  Perl  modules  to  interface  to  Maestro  jobs,  via  ovtrap  and  snmpnotify,  to  OpenView  to  notify
Operations  of  system/application  errors.  Developed  the  Management  Information  Base  (MIB)  numbering
scheme for the Maestro jobs. This provided Operations with the ability to map Maestro jobs to MIBs; thereby,
easing Operations' ability to identify and rectify production problems.
• Re-factored the way VWR faxes Purchase Orders and Order Acknowledgments. The technologies involved
were: Perl, jetforms, RightFax, and Oracle.
• Developed a Perl based utility that monitors all Oracle listeners. It automatically restarts the listeners that are
down, as well as, e-mailing the DBA on-call.
• Developed a Perl based utility to bounce all Oracle databases and their corresponding applications. This
greatly eases host maintenance and ensures that the appropriate applications are up when the databases
are started.

Client Server Developer
First USA - February 1998 to April 1999

Upgraded and maintained the UNIX KSH and Perl scripts and Oracle PL/SQL Stored Procedures, Packages
and  SQL*Plus  scripts  that  drive  the  bank-end  report  generator  of  the  daily  credit  card  activation  process.
Designed and implemented the Pro*C program that uses array processing and ODS calls to cross-reference
Oracle data and Sybase data to generate a credit card/telecomm vendor file.
• Major accomplishment: Reduced daily Oracle table load time from 8 hours to less than 30 minutes.

Senior Software Application Engineer
Lockheed Martin Corporation - February 1985 to February 1998

Designed and implemented C/Solaris applications, with embedded SQL, to support LOCKHEED MARTIN's
Requirements Management System. Applications run on both the DB2 and Sybase platforms.
•  Designed  and  implemented  C/QNX  applications  supporting  the  GUI,  and  C/QNX/SQL  processes  that
communicate  with  the  FSM100  Real-Time  Control  System.  Processes  performed  statistical  analysis,  data
reduction, system alarm notification, and report generation. Provided leadership role in system integration
• Designed and implemented C/UNIX interrupt service routines and applications for the FAA DBRITE Serial
Interface  program,  a  68020  based,  multiprocessing,  real-time,  embedded  system.  Applications  translated
ASR9 radar data into a suite of aircraft and weather symbol descriptors for display on the Air Traffic Controller's
display. Developed the algorithm used by the hardware to display the aircraft and weather symbols. Received
an Exemplary Action Award for this work.
• Designed and implemented C/UNIX data analysis applications to support system level performance testing
of the FAA Mode S program, a 68020 based, multiprocessing, real-time, fault tolerant, embedded system.
Applications performed data reduction and analysis on the test results thereby speeding up the system level
testing schedule. Designed and implemented stubs and drivers to isolate tasking bottlenecks. Received two
Exemplary Action Awards for this work.
• Designed and implemented SLAM simulation models depicting mail flow throughout postal facilities to identify
throughput and bottleneck conditions.
• Designed and implemented C/XENIX front-end programs to process and reduce ZIP+4 National Directory
data for downloading to the USPS MLR/OCR. Received an Exemplary Action Award for this work.

Prior Experience
• Whalen Associates, Inc (1983 to 1984): Consultant.
• Sperry Computer Systems (1980 to 1983): Network Support

EDUCATION

B.Sc. in Mathematics
Drexel University
1980

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Operating Systems: UNIX, Linux, Windows […]
Languages: Oracle PL/SQL, SQL*Plus, Perl, UNIX Korn Shell, awk, C, SSH, PGP,
make, ANT, Java, Javascript, XSLT, Windows Interface Language
Databases: Oracle 8i, 9i, 10g, 11g
Software/Tools: Agile Development, Groovy, Oracle Apex, CVS, Toad, SVN, CVS

