Stevie Thomas

Mechanical Engineer

Springfield, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Stevie-Thomas/81d8c36335e6f66f

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Mechanical Engineer
Icarus Interstellar Club  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2013 to Present

Project Tin-Tin - Member of communications group, responsible for designing long distance communications
devices and methods on a cubesat headed towards Alpha Centauri. Working on mission systems for a Venus
trial of Tin-Tin.
- Project Zeus - Contributed to a feasibility study on an unmanned ship utilizing a Plasma Jet driven Magneto-
Inertial Fusion System to carry probes to Alpha Centauri. Designed maintenance systems and cooling systems
designed to keep the ship and its equipment intact as it goes on its century-long four light-year journey.

Senior Design Project
Universal Docking Mechanism  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2015 to June 2016

- Introduced new concepts to solve current problems and reduce complexity in spacecraft docking systems.
- Responsible for knowing the design requirements and verifying that all designs meet all their requirements.
- Worked on system integration to take each individual missions systems and ensure all will work together.
- Designed the COIL system for docking and a testing apparatus that simulated a space-like environment.

Junior Design Project
Trilateration Table  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2015 to December 2015

Designed an exhibit for the Franklin Institute that demonstrates and teaches the concepts behind GPS systems
used in cell phones.
-  Created  concepts  to  explain  fundamentals  of  electromagnetic  waves  and  their  applications  in  pocket
technology.

Process Improvement Specialist/Systems Engineering
Michel's Bakery, Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2014 to December 2014

- Managed projects with the goal of increasing the efficiency and production of plant operation.
- Worked on and documented all commercial machinery used in the plant.
- Selected and set up new document management infrastructure, managed projects with the goal of aiding
the company in passing an audit.

Mechanical Engineer
Michel's Bakery, Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2013 to September 2013

- Optimized production line operations and industrial processes for maximum efficiency while organizing and
hosting company meetings to review progress, production, inventory, etc
- Initiated and oversaw the implementation of new technologies and upgrades by testing and troubleshooting
equipment while training line workers to minimize losses during transition periods
- Secured major clientele and negotiated industrial scale manufacture and supply contracts for national brands'
operations such as Entenmann's and Wal-Mart in Philadelphia and the surrounding areas

Mechanical Engineer
Engineering Design Project  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2011 to April 2012

Worked towards solutions in a small group for multiple modern engineering problems using reverse engineering
and other contemporary methods. Selected projects include feasibility testing of robotic nuclear disaster relief,
waste removal, innovating camera shutters and utilizing simulation software to create new bridge designs and
investigate cost-benefit relationships
Activities & Tutoring - Tutor math and science to high school and middle school clients

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
June 2016

SKILLS

Autocad (4 years), Creo Parametric 2.0 (4 years), Matlab (5 years), Microsoft Office Suite (10+ years),
Prototyping (3 years), Project Management (3 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills Software: AutoCAD, Creo Parametric 2.0, MATLAB, Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Access),
Java,
Visual Basic, Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, Design)
Technical: Rapid prototyping and fabrication, iterative design, testing and troubleshooting, hand and power
tools,
CNC mills, lathes, 3D printers, laser etching, soldering and circuits, oscilloscopes, process flow diagrams,
project
management, various measurement and calibration tools.

