Tarun Bambharoliya

Dot net developer having 4 years of experience

Lansdale, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tarun-Bambharoliya/2dd50e87486c1cc9

• Four years of Software Development Experience working on Projects in Web using Microsoft .Net platform
and Microsoft SQL Server Technologies. Worked on business process automation projects for Fortune 500
companies during my tenure at offshore offices of USA based Software and Services companies.
• Worked as a team member of development of a "Risk Management Portal" web project for my employer
CSSI and deployed to several new accounts in the USA market.
• Having 2 years of experience practicing agile development methodologies for product development.Strong
knowledge of object oriented concepts and object oriented programming.
• Extensively worked on multi-layer application, Data Layer, Business Logic and Presentation Layer.
• Strong experience with Database Design and Database Programming (Stored procedures, Triggers) using
SQL Server 2008 and project analysis and requirement gathering.
• Familiarity with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and worked in all stages.
• Effective in working independently and collaboratively in teams.
• Having experience of preparing release package and release note.
• Performing the unit testing before deliver to testing department.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
CSSI - www.solutionsoftware.com  -  Coconut Creek, FL - June 2011 to March 2014

Company Profile:
• Being an Independent Software Vendor, the company focuses on developing Software Products specific to
Insurance Industry’s business needs in the USA and UK market. 
• CSSI develops VUE Wrap-Up a web based software product delivered to clients on SaaS model. This product
is targeted towards the Insurance, Financial and statutory information management for Construction Industry
in USA and UK.

Role and Key Responsibilities:
• Software Engineer
o  Development  team  member  on  the  Product  Team  for  one  of  CSSI’s  Products  named  “VUE  Wrap-
Up” (www.vuewrapup.com ). The product is multi-faceted Software as a Service having several end points for
user interface communication for different business environment needs.
o This product was part of a suite of products that CSSI develops for their clients in the Risk Management
Industry  in  USA  and  UK.  One  of  my  key  responsibility  as  a  Software  Engineer  was  to  be  a  developer  for
functionality enhancement, maintenance and client support.
o Worked on active team member of New Contractor Portal Project using latest Microsoft ASP.Net technologies
of MVC4 and making effective use of the Telerik RAD Controls library.
o Prepared release package and release note for client’s network team.
o In every release cycle, perform code review and test code review to ensure the performance and quality
benchmarks are maintained as per the organizational standards.
o Performed the unit testing before deliver to testing department.
o Worked on bulk data import specifically designed to import the data into the client’s system.
o  Worked  on  Telerik  Controls,  WCF,  win  services,  Custom  controls,  SSRS,  Subscription,  Tables,  Stored
Procedures, Views and Triggers in SQL Server 2008 R2.

o Designed and Developed Web Forms using MVC 4.0 Razor view engine, HTML, DHTML, Java Script, Ajax,
JSON, Fiddler.

Web Developer
Lemon Technologies Pvt. Ltd - May 2010 to May 2011

Company Profile:
Lemon  Technologies  is  software  development  company  pioneering  in  database  applications,  especially,
cutting edge technology solutions for the Gem & Jewelry industry and education industry.

Role and Key Responsibilities:
• Web Developer
o  Responsible  for  the  development  of  Line  of  Business  software  for  Lemon  Technologies  and  its  group
companies using latest .Net technologies prevailing in the market.
o Participate in sprint estimation and planning efforts.
o Design and develop software modules keeping effective and efficient user interface at the center of the focus.
o  Actively  participate  in  the  development  of  two  project  Online  Payroll  Web  and  Online  Rough  Diamond
Auction.
o Involved in analysis, database design, coding and testing of the system.
o Worked in ASP.Net web forms, custom controls, Tables, Stored Procedures, Views and Triggers in SQL
Server 2008.
o Designed and Developed Web Forms using ASP.Net 3.5, C#, HTML, Java Script, JQuery.

EDUCATION

Master of Computer Application
Saurashtra University
June 2007 to May 2010

Bachelor of Commerce
Gujarat University
April 2004 to March 2007

SKILLS

SQL Server 2005/2008/2012, ASP.Net, Dot net framework 2.0, 3.5 & 4.0, MVC 4, HTML, Ajax, Java Script,
JQuery, VBScript, XML, Web Services, WCF Services, C#.Net, C, C++, VB.Net, Visual Basic 6.0, SSRS,
Subscription, Infragistic, Telerik controls, SVN, Visual SourceSafe

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Skills

• Database: SQL Server […]
• Web Development: ASP.Net, Dot net framework 2.0, 3.5 & 4.0, MVC 4, HTML, Ajax, Java Script, JQuery,
VBScript, XML, Web Services, WCF Services
• Programming Languages: C#.Net, C, C++, VB.Net, Visual Basic 6.0
• Reporting Tools: SSRS, Subscription
• Third Party Tools: Infragistic, Telerik controls
• xcVersion Control: SVN, Visual SourceSafe

