Utkarsh Gupta

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Utkarsh-Gupta/746a59143500a927

I received my bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from Drexel University in March 2016. Through
my coursework at Drexel University and my recent experience as a Design Engineer at Southco Inc., I have
gained a strong understanding of engineering principles, tools and practices with an emphasis on designing
and testing mechanical systems. My role at Southco also required proficiency in the use of NX and AutoCAD
software to aid my direct involvement in the design and modification of latching systems and actuators used
by major automotive companies.
Additionally, I was appointed as a principal/sole designer in a team of four members on our Senior Design
project  at  Drexel  University  which  was  aimed  at  developing  a  Non-Traditional  power  source  for  implanted
devices. As the Project Lead, I developed and exercised good project management techniques, interpersonal
communication skills and was constantly challenged with situations that required the use of creative problem
solving methods. I interacted productively with people from diverse backgrounds and have a proven track
record for producing deliverables of the highest quality.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Design Engineer
Southco Inc  -  Concordville, PA - March 2015 to September 2015

• Created 3-D models and drawings of new and modified latches and actuators by utilizing NX.
• Performed DFMEA's for various latch assemblies and panels.
•  Designed,  built  and  assembled  functional  prototypes  of  consumer  panel  displays  implementing  several
access solutions for the transportation industry.
•  Conducted  tensile,  compression  and  cycle  tests  using  custom  pneumatic  machines,  compiled  data  and
generated test reports.
• Built and managed BOM's for large a portfolio of products and product families.
• Operated mills and lathes to manufacture small parts for latches and demo panels.
• Determine adjustments that needed to be made in the design and material of latches required to produce
highly functional and cost-effective products by working with R&D projects.
• Performed office engineering environment activities, on a manufacturing engineering factory floor and in the
testing labs.

MECHANICAL INTERN
Maruti Suzuti India Ltd - June 2011 to August 2011

Responsibilities
• Gained valuable cross-functional experience working with the automobile assembly and paint departments
• Generated weekly managerial reports on the Chemical properties of paint samples by analyzing test results

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
DREXEL UNIVERSITY - Philadelphia, PA
2013 to 2016

SKILLS

Autocad (2 years), NX (1 year), Team Center (Less than 1 year), Lathe (1 year), Solidworks (1 year), Creo
(2 years), Leadership (2 years), Microsoft Office (4 years), Revit (Less than 1 year), Receptionist (2 years)

GROUPS

American Society of Mechanical Engineers
September 2013 to Present

