William Fitts

Project Manager / Programmer Analyst

Havertown, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/William-Fitts/be70a75859f47973

PhD in Anthropology with background in software development, project management, and scientific research.
Extensive experience supporting business and research projects. Skilled at creating high quality, innovative
solutions. Adept at communicating complex ideas to cross disciplinary audiences. Proven records of scientific
research and project management. Experienced in teaching and mentoring.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
CHI Systems, Inc.  -  Plymouth Meeting, PA - March 2013 to Present

Accomplishments
Project Leadership:
Technical lead on HapMed Tourniquet trainers. Determined goals and direction of future versions. Identified
features to update. Worked with subcontractors to update product plastics and electronics
Wrote  project  proposals  for  new  business  contracts.  To  function  as  principal  investigator  on  successful
proposals
Software Development and Data Analysis:
HapMed Tourniquet Trainers. Updated and revised Microchip PIC firmware in C. Rewrote Android remote
controller software. Verified and updated human physiology model.
Twitter data collection and analysis. Maintained and updated data collection software for capturing tweets
in Java, PHP, and MySQL. Ran and verified tweet classification. Performed preliminary analysis on tweet
classification. 
Intelligence reporting software. Wrote triple store database integration software in java and javascript. Helped
to develop project data ontology. Researched and selected publicly available data to describe state of target
countries.

Senior Programmer Analyst
Lustick Consulting  -  Ardmore, PA - March 2013 to May 2013

Accomplishments
• Helped to develop validation and verification methodology for Social Sciences as part of Lockheed Martin's
MESA project
• Designed and implemented a distributed computing system with web based control and monitoring for running
agent based models, using PostgreSql, PHP and shell scripts as part of contract with the Defense Department
and Lockheed Martin W-ICEWS project
Created Drupal based report system for providing results and analysis of agent based models
• Performed updates and added features to agent based modeling software in C and TCL
•  Maintained  and  managed  IT  infrastructure  including  Windows,  Macintosh  and  Linux  desktop  computers,
Linux server, and Linux based distributed processing system
• Developed GIS as data source for agent based model of American Elections

Service Manager
GRID SIGN SYSTEMS  -  Chester Springs, PA - April 2011 to May 2012

• Managed service requests for storefront signage on all Verizon Wireless stores west of the Rocky Mountains.
• Created Microsoft Access based tool for organizing subcontractors and service locations

Project Manager
Global Internet Management  -  Bala-Cynwyd, PA - July 2010 to November 2010

• Oversaw the accounts of 30 private schools throughout the country
• Provided technical support, assisted with design and construction of websites

Research Associate, Post-Doctoral Fellow, Educational Fellow, Research Assistant
MUSEUM APPLIED SCIENCE CENTER FOR ARCHAEOLOGY (MASCA)  -  Philadelphia, PA - July
1996 to June 2009

Project Management and Technical Support:
• Managed SiteMap Surveying Equipment rental service
• Provided training and technical support to SiteMap customers
• Wrote and maintained SiteMap documentation for all versions of the software
Research related:
• Received Kaplan Foundation grant for developing new technologies in archaeology
• Conducted two seasons of dissertation field research with multiple member teams
Developed and implemented surveying strategies for multiple archaeological projects including a long term
research project in Kenya
Native Application Development:
•  Developed  initial  version  of  SiteMap  archaeological  surveying  software  for  handheld  data  collectors  and
VectorWorks CAD software using BASIC and PASCAL
• Implemented complete rewrite of SiteMap surveying software using C and PASCAL
• Maintained and expanded SiteMap archaeological surveying software, bug fixes and new features C, Java,
awk, PHP, PASCAL, and shell scripts
Web Application Development:
• Designed and developed real time database integration for the SiteMap software running on Palm OS devices
using PHP and MySQL
•  Helped  to  develop  online  post-excavation  database  interface  using  PHP,  MySQL,and  Javascript  by
developing human interface
• Designed and implemented MySQL databases with web interface for research projects
Multimedia Application Development:
• Developed virtual site walk through for exhibits using X3D
•  Developed  networked  interactive  kiosk  system  for  Roman  Glass  exhibit  using  MacroMedia  Director  and
presented system to Computer Applications in Archaeology conference.

EDUCATION

Ph.D. in Anthropology
University of Pennsylvania
2002

M.A. in Anthropology
University of Pennsylvania
1993

B.A. in Anthropology
University of Pennsylvania
1992

SKILLS

Scientific Research, Programming, Web Development, Application Development, Proposal Writing, Project
Management, Mentoring, Linux Administration

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Relevant Skills
Operating Systems:
Mac OS X, BSD Unix, Linux, and Windows
Programming Languages:
C, Java, XML, X3D, PASCAL, BASIC, awk Shell Script, Objective C, and basic knowledge of Python, C++,
HTML, HTML5, PHP, Javascript, and CSS
Creative Software:
Adobe Creative Suite, Blender, and Quark XPress
Database Software:
Access, Postgres, MySQL, and FileMaker Pro
Technical Software:
Office, VectorWorks (CAD), ArcView, and GRASS (GIS)
Surveying Skills
Surveying, Total Stations, GPS, 3D Laser Scanners, Soil Resistivity, and Magnetometry
Personal Skills:
Writing, research, technical support services, and teaching and mentoring

