Andrew Forster

Field Engineer - Pall Corporation

West Chester, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Andrew-Forster/825e8e0f73e757bc

I  am  an  experienced  Field  Engineer  with  nine  years  of  experience  in  several  lines  of  business  including;
microelectronics, polymer and injection molding, food and beverage, biopharmaceutical, fuels and chemicals,
water  treatment,  and  power  generation.  I  have  am  continually  working  as  part  of  a  team  and  individually
depending  on  the  project  requirements.  I  always  strive  for  the  highest  quality  toward  the  achievement  of
common  goals.  I  have  been  recognized  for  a  great  combination  of  engineering  skill  along  with  sales  and
marketing expertise. I am accustomed to communicating with and supporting all levels and different types
of  stakeholders.  I  am  capable  of  nurturing  a  culture  that  defines  a  growing  and  learning  organization  with
emphasis on enhancing the bottom-line. Proficient with Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, and Excel), CAD,
MicroStation, SAP, and Lotus Notes.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Field Engineer
Pall Corporation  -  Exton, PA - 2006 to Present

Offer in-field support and guidance on daily challenges related to initial development, pilot testing, plant surveys
and consultations, troubleshooting and problem solving, demonstrations, and personnel training.
- Prepare and analyze data from laboratory and full scale testing.
-  Develop  side  stream  and  pilot  trials,  within  customer  specifications,  to  determine  proper  sizing  and
classifications of filtration equipment.
- Develop and design testing equipment to be utilized in customer related trials and process validation.
- Facilitate extensive customer training regarding standard maintenance and operation of equipment.
- Administer and maintain a smooth workflow of internal diagnostic and repair facilities including stocking of
spare parts and pursuing regularly scheduled preventive maintenance.
- Display troubleshooting expertise and customer technical support.
- Design and implement systems including pumps, filters, pressure vessels, valves, and heat exchangers.
- Design new systems for customers using CAD and performing on site alterations.
- Oversee customer complaints on product quality, including product failure investigations, internal and external
corrective action, root cause analysis, and preventative action implementation.
- Coordinate with manufacturing engineers, globally, to troubleshoot and solve quality issues.
-  Lead  in  process  improvement  team  to  continually  increase  efficiencies  of  quality  investigations  and
productivity.
- Traveling sales representative for select customer base. Providing quotations, sales and technical support,
and calculating quarterly sales volumes. Identify opportunity to grow customer sales.

Consulting Intern
Artex Knitting Co  -  Dresher, PA - 2005 to 2006

Expertly handled all aspects of troubleshooting, repairing, and redesigning company equipment.

Engineering Intern
Middle River Aircraft Systems  -  Middle River, MD - 2005 to 2005

2005

- Served as manufacturing engineer, responsible for material supply and quality control maintenance as well
as tool and machinery maintenance.
-  Functioned  well  as  industrial  engineer,  overseeing  cost  analysis,  cost  reduction,  and  manufacturing
efficiency.
- Key member on process improvement team to increase production efficiencies on product manufacturing
line. 
SALES

SALES Salesman
True Value Hardware  -  Wayne, PA - 1998 to 2001

Participated in and completed effective training regarding register and key cutter.
- Managed and executed various functions, such as bookkeeping and billing.
- Rendered exceptional assistance to all incoming customers in the store.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering Minor in Material Science
University of Delaware - Newark, DE
2006

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CORE COMPETENCIES

Sales and Marketing
Coordination and Collaboration
Project Development and Management
Equipment Maintenance and Troubleshooting
Public Speaking and Presentation
Strategic Planning and Implementation

