Andrew Lockwood

Instrumentation & Electrical Technical Specialist - Carnegie Strategic Design,
Philadelphia

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Andrew-Lockwood/dcc0b019656853c5

WORK EXPERIENCE

Instrumentation & Electrical Technical Specialist
Carnegie Strategic Design, Philadelphia  -  Exton, PA - 2013 to Present

Exton) PA 2013 - Present
Instrumentation & Electrical Technical Specialist

•  Design  Team  Leader,  responsible  for  creating  and  updating  Scope  of  Work  and  reviewing  the  drawing
package for
Allegheny  Access  Project,  11  pump  station,  update  drawings,  incorporate  comments  and  deliver  a  final
installable package.
• Lead Electrical and Instrumentation Engineer, Little Farm Trucking Expansion. Developed and implemented
the design with a team of designers taking my direction.
• Design Team Leader, Tasked with leading a team to design and implement meter runs and other pipeline
systems which
used PLC, Power Distribution, Radio/Satellite communication and instrumentation.

Instrument and Control Associate Engineer, Nuclear Power Technologies
Sargent & Lundy LLC  -  Wilmington, DE - 2007 to 2013

Lead Instrument and Control Engineer for the Exelon Team responsibility for giving technical and procedural
direction to engineering and design staff. Directed a team of full time designers and part time engineers working
under my direction,
• Lead engineer for the Control room digital upgrades at Exelon East plants (Oyster Creek and Peach Bottom).
Responsible for the requirements of budget, directing designers, engineering support (Civil/Structural) and
develop a design package.
• Lead Engineer for the Replacement of the Motor Generator Set with a new Adjustable Speed Drive (Started
as an associate
engineer and was selected to be Lead Engineer by both the Program Manager and Client, Limerick). Only
member from design
study  to  provide  engineering  support  during  installation.  Responsible  Engineer  and  Lead  Engineer  for
installation support and revisions after initial package completion.
• Lead Engineer for temporary Vibration and Pressure monitoring systems, Main Steam, Feedwater, Extraction
Steam piping and the Steam Dryer. Responsible for budget and schedule of deliverables.
• Lead Night Shift Electrical Engineer for Replaced water source for Iso Condensers, Oyster Creek, worked
with a multi- disciplined team to install new pumps, tank, piping and power feeds on a time critical because
of delay of funds being released.
This project was designed and installed within 6 months, was this ahead of schedule.
• Preparer of Designed Study for Limerick Main Power Transformers, wrote the study with inputs from senior
engineers and inputs from the plant and vender. Sargent & Lundy LLC was awarded the contract and other
Main Power Transformers projects because of our knowledge of both clients desires and technical skill.
• Associate Engineer for Main Power Transformer replacements at Peach Bottom and Limerick

Firefighter
Town of Amherst  -  Amherst, NH - 2003 to 2008

certified Level 1

EDUCATION

BSEE
Union College - Schenectady, NY
2007

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS

• Engineering Change Record and Design Attribute Review • SPID process
processes • Lotes Notes/Microsoft Outlook
• Load Change Process • MicroStation
• INDMS cable database • AutoCAD
• IISCP process • MS Office

