Anthony Garonski

Customer Support Associate- Plumbing/Electrical

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anthony-Garonski/445cb6045629a2a6

A position In-House or Field Service for a quality oriented company.

Highlights: * Over 20 years of progressive experience and responsibility with documented success in the areas
of computer hardware at various organizational levels.

Related

WORK EXPERIENCE

Customer Support Associate- Plumbing/Electrical
LOWE'S  -  Plant City, FL - June 2005 to April 2011

I provide excellent customer support helping customers solve their plumbing and electrical problems in a cost
effective manner.
Perform monthly price audit and cycle counts.

Put up and downstock product to shelves.
Make price changes and labels as needed.

f

Supervisor Hardware Dept
Micros of Central Florida  -  Tampa, FL - February 2003 to February 2005

*  Supervised  technical  support  team  of  5  dispatching  them  to  various  locations  for  repair/replacement  of
hardware.
* Assigned in-house projects to complete.
* Handled customer support hot line and repaired system boards, printers etc.
* Also did Inventory control as well as coordinating customer installs.

Computer Technician
Micros P.O.S  -  Trevose, PA - June 2000 to January 2003

* Repaired printers, circuit boards, and other equipment.
* Handled service calls from customers, dispatched technicians.
* Set up systems to customer specifications and did inventory control.

Technician Hardware Help Desk
SASI Inc  -  Bristol, PA - July 1994 to January 2000

* Handled calls from customers and technicians across the US and Canada, troubleshooting questions on
P.O.S., Dos, and Windows based systems.
* Dispatched technicians to sites.

Field Engineer Communications
Halifax Inc  -  Warminster, PA - May 1993 to May 1994

*  Removed  and  relocated  all  Naval  Base  Communications  equipment  and  cabling.This  included  CATV,
ETHERNET, and FIBER-OPTICS.
* Installed Network Cards, T-Boxes, and software.

Supervisor Corporate Support
Intelligent Electronics  -  Exton, PA - April 1986 to October 1992

* Installed, upgraded, and, repaired all corporate systems (over200)
* Set up their Token-Ring network and Inventory database.
*  Held  positions  starting  as  a  field  service  technician,  in-house  technician/warranty  claims  specialist,  and
technical support advisor.
* Set up technical hotline and pre-configured systems to customer specifications.Also handled warranty claims.

EDUCATION

Associates Electronic Engineering in Computers Electronics Etc.
Rets Electronics School - Broomall, PA
January 1983 to January 1985

