Arnold Lockstein

Regional Sales Manager - Sherwood Valve

Langhorne, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arnold-Lockstein/ecc881299d180b84

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sales Engineer
Sunair Co.  -  Willow Grove, PA - December 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
Outside  sales  of  pumps  to  the  Chemical,  Water  and  Waste  Water,  Food  &  Beverage,  Paper  and  general
industrial  and  commercial  industries.  Pumps  include  centrifugal,  positive  displacement,  vertical  turbines,
metering, solids handling, sanitary and others.

Accomplishments
• In first year I increased sales from $300,000 to $500,000

Regional Sales Manager
Sherwood Valve - 2013 to Present

Work with master distributors and direct sales of valves to the refrigeration, propane, compressed gas and
specialty gas markets.

Regional Sales Manager
Met-Pro Corp  -  Telford, PA - 2007 to 2013

Select,  train  and  manage  distribution  network  in  Central  USA  for  the  sales  of  fiberglass,  ANSI  and  high
temperature centrifugal pumps. Develop budgets for distributor network.
• Increased sales by 30% in territory.
• Quoted and managed several projects over $100,000. Worked with several OEM Accounts.

Regional Sales Manager
Therm-Omega-Tech, Inc  -  Warminster, PA - 2003 to 2007

Select, train and manage distribution network for the sales of self operating, thermally actuated valves, on-
demand tempered water systems and steam/water wash-down stations. Assisted in the application of products
both direct to end users and through distributors. Helped establish new OEM's through direct sales. Perform
product presentations and help specify products to engineering firms.
• Help to set up distribution network.
• Increased sales by 61% in three years.
• Authored numerous Marketing and Sales literature pieces.
• Organized and led international distributor sales meeting. Performed numerous product presentations in front
of large groups.

Sales Engineer
AMSCO Sales Corp  -  Sewell, NJ - 1997 to 2003

Outside  sales  of  corrosion  resistant  and  sanitary  pipe,  valves,  control  valves,  fittings,  hose,  pumps  and
instrumentation  to  the  Chemical,  Food  &  Beverage,  Power,  Petroleum  and  Pharmaceutical  industries.
Managed Southern New Jersey and Southeast Pennsylvania territory.
• Increased sales in territory each year.
• Developed several new accounts, including negotiated integrated supplier agreements.

• Closed a $300,000.00 Teflon lined pipe project to Valero Refining Co.

General Manager/Customer Service Engineer
G.M.H. Associates  -  Trenton, NJ - 1995 to 1997

General management of day to day operations, including supervision and scheduling of work force, selling of
equipment and maintenance services to water and waste water treatment plants in Pennsylvania. Estimating
for  bids  of  construction  contracts  to  $500K.  Contract  administration  of  construction  projects  including
purchasing, scheduling and design.
• Progressed from Customer Service Engineer to General Manager in first year. Increased Pennsylvania sales
by 50%.
•  Estimated,  negotiated  and  managed  a  $350K  project  to  change  filter  media  at  the  Tullytown,  PA  water
treatment plant.
• Managed numerous other smaller projects.

Sales Engineer
Durametallic, Inc  -  Kalamazoo, MI - 1990 to 1994

Outside sales of mechanical seals for pumps and mixing equipment to the chemical, petroleum and original
equipment markets. Setup and work with distributors
• Increased sales by 33% in the first two years.
• Opened up several new user accounts.
• Closed the sale of dry running mixer seals to DeDetrich a large supplier of glass lined reactors.

EDUCATION

BS in Mechanical Engineering
Drexel University

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Computer skills:
• Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Power Point and Access)
• Proficient in Contact Management Software (ACT, Gold Mine, Outlook)

