Assem Elsayed

Principal Geotechnical Engineer - Technip France

Downingtown, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Assem-Elsayed/3e477e9514267c0c

Principal  Geotechnical  Engineer  &  Project  Manager  on  numerous  projects  with  21  years  of  experience.
Acquired  skills  in  planning,  organizing,  problem  solving,  and  communication.  Experienced  in  construction
management  for  heavy  civil  engineering  work.  Provided  technical  direction  to  construction  engineers  and
superintendents in a wide range of construction engineering and design functions relating to multi-discipline
engineering  in  an  area  or  to  a  single  discipline  on  the  overall  project.  Participated  in  formulating  and
drafting  documentations,  policies,  goals  and  strategies  for  multiple  projects.  Interpreted  design  drawings
and specifications. Reviewed and evaluated work methods and activities to serve projects' goals and plans.
Assisted  with  the  improvements  and  soundness  of  project  management.  Supervised  field  verification  of
materials such as soil, asphalt and concrete. Has experience in concrete inspection work. Experienced in
barracks/  and  headquarters  construction,  fencing  construction,  designing  of  foundations,  soil  stability  for
concrete structures, construction of telecomm lines, emplacement of fiber optics cables, pavement design,
waterfront-Naval ports and dredging projects, marine structures, berths and cofferdams, underpinning and
jacking, anchors, underground facilities, earth structures; performing soil modeling, subsurface investigations,
seismic  investigations,  using  of  cadastral  records,  geophysical  investigations,  seepage  analyses,  stability
analyses, dewatering analysis and finite element modeling; and performing and analyzing the results of field
and laboratory tests. Managed subsurface investigation programs. Supervised drilled shafts, driven piles and
micropiles in the field for several projects. Witnessed verification and proof tests for several soil nail walls,
anchors and micropiles. Has technical expertise in the use of, Grapher, SLOPE/W, SEEP/W, LPILE, GROUP,
PY-WALL, EMBANK, FB-Deep, Driven, Shaft, Abaqus and PLAXIS software.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. Geotechnical Engineer
Abu Dhabi marine operating company  -  Abu Dhabi - June 2014 to Present

Project manager for development of geological and geotechnical zoning maps for the oil fields of Zakum, Umm
Shaif, Nasr and Umm Lulu. The project includes interpretation of available ground data, development of a
geotechnical database, identification of key geological units, production of geological and geotechnical zone
maps, provision of design soil profiles with geotechnical parameters, calculation of pile axial capacities, and
production of geohazard maps, punch-through hazard maps for the fields, undertaking of a probabilistic seismic
hazard  assessment,  deterministic  tsunami  hazard  assessment,  and  development  of  seismic  and  tsunami
design parameters for the fields.

 

 

Responsible for issuing and reviewing the scope of works for performing geotechnical investigations for the
development of the new offshore oil fields of Nasr and Umm Lulu in the Arabian Gulf. Responsible for reviewing
pile design, installation methods and mudmat systems.

 

Responsible for investigating cavities and sinkholes that developed in Zirku Island in the Arabian Gulf that will
host Tank farms as part of a new refinery on top of the Island. Issued the scope of works and reviewed the
mitigation measures taken to grout the cavities underneath the tank foundations.

 

Responsible for reviewing all the barges spudcan leg penetration analyses, on a daily basis, that move all
around the entire oils fields. Evaluating the risks of punch through and providing mitigation measures and
advice to the oil field assets.

Principal Geotechnical Engineer
Technip   -  Abu Dhabi - March 2011 to Present

Lead Geotechnical Engineer for the new Emirates LNG (ELNG) terminal near The Port of Fujairah in UAE.
Specifically,  the  project  included  the  offshore  geotechnical  investigation  for  the  construction  of  causeway,
mooring  dolphins,  breasting  dolphins,  flare  line/stack,  platform  and  quay  wall.  Bathymetry,  Metocean  and
geophysical investigations were also included. In addition, onshore geotechnical investigations for onshore
buildings,  pipeline  and  storage  tanks  were  also  prepared  under  that  task.  Issued  scope  of  work  for  the
probabilistic seismic hazard analysis for the Site and followed up with Subcontractors.

Evaluated Pile capacity for Platforms associated with Umm Lolo project. The purpose is to retrofit the pile
capacity of existing piles to accommodate extension of the Platform.

Geotechnical Expert for the Artificial Island project with Zadco. Took part in a design workshop to set the
design basis for shallow and deep foundations. Designed pile foundations in island revetment and proposed a
renovated technique to eliminate the need for permanent casings for each pile. The technique is using CLSM
(controlled low strength material) instead of permanent casings and this will have a huge cost savings for
bidding for the EPC phase.

Working on a task force for the purpose of mitigating defects during installation of submarine power cable with
Aramco Gulf Operations Company Limited ("AGOC") and Kuwaiti Gulf Oil Company (K.S.C.) ("KGOC"), jointly
operating at and from Al-Khafji, Saudi Arabia for oil and gas exploration, development and production in the
offshore area of the divided ex-Neutral Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. Reviewed and issued scope
of work for the subsea geophysical investigation of the existing cable to accommodate the required contractual
burial depth of 1.5 m.

Reviewed deep dynamic compaction for soil improvement in Satah Oil Field. Raised some issues with the
subcontractor "Menard" regarding the effectiveness of the deep dynamic compaction effectiveness below the
water table. Also, raised the issue of cut off trench effectiveness which will be used to intercept the dynamic
wave propagation from affecting the adjacent structures. Currently is part of the team for the EPC for the same
project. Issued SOW for underground detection and ground improvement by Stone columns. Succeeded to
convince COMPANY to eliminate the need to perform soil improvement for the whole site. Ground improvement
will be only limited to underneath compressor foundations. This will have a positive impact on cost and time
schedule.

Redesigned foundations for storage tanks in Angola. CLIENT requested to eliminate pile foundations. Thus,
designed a jet grout program to increase soil capacity below the Tanks and reduce the settlement.

Reviewed foundation adequacy for MRO facility in Al Ain International Airport and provided expert opinion to
utilize shallow foundation rather than deep foundation option.

Currently reviewing the geotechnical reports and design for the New Refinery Project-EPC3 for Kuwait National
Petroleum Company at Al-Zour, Kuwait.

Recommended surcharge method for bullets earth mound to reduce settlement to acceptable limits for Yemen
LNG project.

Issued geotechnical and underground investigation scope of work for new refinery project as part of FEED
in Iraq.

Evaluated bidders proposals for Offshore geotechnical investigation and coastal erosion studies for several
pipelines projects. Evaluated several options for the construction of sheet piles to act as a cofferdam.

Senior Civil/Geotechnical Engineer-Project Manager
Gannett Fleming INC  -  Springfield, MA - January 2008 to March 2011

Adesta/  The  Massachusetts  Highway  Department  (Mass  Highway).  Geotechnical  Engineer  of  Record  and
Project Manager. Responsible for designing the foundation system for the proposed CCTV cameras, variable
multi signals (VMS) structures, concrete slabs and footings for node pads & barbed wire fencing. Managed
the subsurface investigation and oversaw the construction project management and vendor performance. The
foundation system consisted of drilled shafts with variable diameters and depths to withstand the dead load of
the signs and a 120 mile per hour wind load in variable soil conditions. Ensured preparation and submission
of required financial and administrative reporting regarding the project in a timely manner.

South Florida East Coast Corridor (SFECC) Alternatives Analysis, Miami-Dade, Broward, and Palm Beach
Counties, FL, Florida Department of Transportation, District 4. Senior Civil Engineer responsible for conceptual
engineering in support of the Tier 2 SFECC Regional and Sectional Alternatives Analyses. The 85-mile corridor
is centered along the existing Florida East Coast Railway from the Government Center in downtown Miami to
Indiantown Road in Jupiter and consists of 264 grade crossings with 17 waterway crossings and 64 proposed
station stops. Responsibilities included alternatives analyses for different Tunnel options for the New River
Crossing, which lies in Fort Lauderdale in Broward County. Performed conceptual design for different tunnel
options, which consisted of cut and cover, submerged tube and bored tunnel. Submitted a report to the client
and to the Coast Guard along with conceptual cost analyses for the three options.

Automated  Train,  Phoenix  Sky  Harbor  International  Airport,  Phoenix,  AZ,  City  of  Phoenix  Sky  Harbor
International Airport. Senior Geotechnical Engineer responsible for providing geotechnical recommendations
for  the  deep  foundations  of  an  elevated  guideway  for  a  new  automated  train  and  the  related  stations
and maintenance facilities, as well as for providing subgrade recommendations for at-grade track sections.
Participated in the drafting/compilation of the project documentation, reviewed and evaluated the work methods
proposed by the contractor. Supervised geotechnical investigation. Duties, also, include coordinating work
efforts  with  airport  personnel,  verifying  boring  log  information,  evaluating  laboratory  test  data,  developing
geotechnical design parameters, and providing design and construction oversight services for drilled shafts.
Designed a micropile wall to support the existing abutment of a railroad bridge as part of relocating the 44th
street underneath the bridge. Modeled the micropile wall using the computer program PLAXIS and compared
the results to the results obtained from the computer program LPILE. Also, the geotechnical analyses were
performed to assist in making recommendations for shallow and deep foundations, retaining walls, soil nail
walls, shoring systems and embankment fills, as well as in making recommendations concerning pavement,
utilities, and conflicts with existing structures. Modeled the conflicts between a proposed drilled shaft foundation
system  and  an  existing  baggage  cart  tunnel,  using  the  computer  program  Plaxis,  and  recommended  a
resolution  for  the  problem.  Reviewed  drilled  shafts  concrete  integrity  testing  such  as  cross  sonic  logging,

gamma density logging and 3D tomography and recommended solutions for any non- compliance concrete.
Designed micropiles foundations system for a connector bridge connecting Terminal 3 to the train guideway.
Designed soldier pile and lagging system to support 20 feet high of soil adjacent to Taxiway S. Managed
construction  activity  for  a  part  of  stage  1  of  the  project.  Parts  of  the  construction  management  includes
overseeing daily activities of the site, supervising staff engineers, running regular weekly meeting with the
subcontractors,  providing  guidance  on  arisen  technical  complex  construction  issues.  Acted  as  the  liaison
among the other project managers to assist with several project managerial issues.

Service  Plaza  Strategic  Plan  for  Florida's  Turnpike,  Various  Locations,  FL,  Florida  Department  of
Transportation, Florida's Turnpike Enterprise. Geotechnical/Pavement Project Manager for the rehabilitation
and  new  construction  of  eight  service  plazas  on  Florida's  Turnpike.  Managed  subsurface  investigations
program;  evaluated  laboratory  testing  results;  analyzed  and  designed  foundations  for  convenience  stores,
restaurants, fueling area canopies, lift stations and fuel farms; developed flexible and rigid pavement designs
for car and truck parking facilities and access roads; and provided design recommendations for stormwater
retention ponds and facilities. Signed and sealed the final geotechnical reports for the eight plazas. Participated
in formulating the policies and goals of the project with the design-build team

York River Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP) Expansion, York County, VA, Hampton Roads Sanitation
District/Malcolm  Pirnie,  Inc.  Civil/Foundation  Engineer  responsible  for  reviewing  shop  drawings  of  deep
foundations. Specific tasks included review of wave equation analyses and dynamic results of pile tests and
evaluation of driving criteria of piles. The project involved both the expansion of existing plant facilities and
the construction of new facilities. The new facilities included aeration, digester, chlorine, and thickener tanks;
clarifiers; headworks; and filters. The project included the design of deep foundations, as well as the preloading
of foundation sites to control postconstruction settlement. Evaluated soil stability for the foundations of the
several tanks.

Modifications  to  S.R.  90  (U.S.  Route  41/Tamiami  Trail),  Miami-Dade  County,  FL,  U.S.  Army  Corps  of
Engineers, Jacksonville District/EAC Consulting, Inc. Geotechnical Engineer/Task Civil Manager responsible
for performing geotechnical analyses involving roadway modifications and foundations for culvert extensions.
This project involved raising approximately eight miles of the existing roadway about three feet and replacing
approximately three miles of roadway with bridge structures to allow additional hydraulic conveyance from
the L-29 (Borrow) Canal into the Everglades National Park. The existing roadway was founded on zero to
seven feet of peat. The placement of the additional embankment was expected to cause long-term settlement
and stability problems for both the embankment and its foundation. Work included determining the anticipated
magnitude of the consolidation settlement, the time required for primary and secondary consolidation and the
necessary embankment modifications to permit the required construction. Responsible for pavement design
for the new layout of roadway. Responsible for performing Independent Technical Review (ITR) task on the
design methodology used in the project.

Failure Investigation of Structure S-375, Palm Beach County, FL, South Florida Water Management District.
Geotechnical Engineer responsible for reviewing and cataloging the existing information concerning Structure
S-375 and performing preliminary geotechnical analyses for Stage I of this project. Structure S-375 is located in
Levee IL-8 within Stormwater Treatment Area 1 East (STA1E). It is triple-gated and includes three box culverts
used to convey water from the East Distribution Cell (EDC) to the West Distribution Cell (WDC) within STA1E.
In March and August 2008, depressions were observed on the top of the levee over the culvert area. Further
inspections indicated that many of the box culvert segments had moved vertically relative to each other by
as much as six inches, joints had separated, and bells and/or spigots had sheared off in some cases. Tasks
include gathering and reviewing available information concerning the design and construction of Structure
S-375, performing preliminary geotechnical analyses to determine the mechanisms that may have triggered

the failure of the culverts, and performing preliminary seepage and stability analyses prior to the dewatering
of the structure and the completion of repairs.

S.R. 5 (U.S. Route 1) South, Design-Build, Miami-Dade County, FL, Florida Department of Transportation,
District 6. Geotechnical Engineer responsible for performing preliminary design calculations related to piles
for  bridge  foundations,  mechanically  stabilized  earth  wall  designs,  and  global  stability  analyses  for  bridge
approach embankments.

Ragged Mountain Dam, Albemarle County, VA, Rivanna Water and Sewer Authority. Geotechnical Engineer
responsible for performing settlement analyses on the existing I-64 rockfill embankment, which crosses the
proposed reservoir for the new Ragged Mountain Dam. Tasks included reviewing geological information for the
site, as well as subsurface investigation results; determining rock and soil strength parameters; and performing
preliminary settlement analyses of the embankment using Plaxis v.8 software to determine the level of hazard
associated with water seepage through the embankment when the new reservoir is filled.

Beach Dune Restoration, Volusia County, FL, Taylor Engineering, Inc. Civil Engineer responsible for providing
services for a beach dune restoration project in New Smyrna Beach in which a hydraulic dredge was used
to move approximately 850,000 cubic yards of sand onto 5.5 miles of public beach. As part of the quality
assurance/quality  control  services  provided  to  the  client,  monitored  the  contractor's  safety,  methodology,
production, and environmental practices and made certain that the work met all the requirements of applicable
local, state, and federal permits.

Construction/Geotechnical Project Manager
WPC, INC  -  Jacksonville, FL - July 2006 to December 2007

Evaluated a deep foundation system for a project that involved enlarging an aircraft hangar and extending a
parking apron at the Naval Air Station in Jacksonville, Florida. Used FB-Deep and LPILE software to evaluate
axial and the lateral pile capacities. Involved in the design of barbed wire fencing for the apron.

Project Managed Tamiami Trail highway subsurface investigation, oversaw pavement and concrete work for
5 miles of the project for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers with a budget of approximately $1,000,000.00.
Oversaw  excavation  for  fiber  optics  cable  along  the  highway.  Participated  in  the  compilation  of  project
documentation, reviewing and evaluating different options during construction.

Project  managed  a  subsurface  investigation,  which  included  completing  slug  tests  using  vibrating  wire
piezometers, collecting soil samples and monitoring concrete work in the Indian River Lagoon area in Fort
Pierce, Florida, for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. This work was completed as part of an effort to determine
the feasibility of constructing a new lake.

Prepared a 90 percent submittal of a geotechnical exploration report for the new I-295 collector-distributor
roadway in Jacksonville, Florida. Prepared a geotechnical exploration report and making recommendations
for the design of piles for widening a CSX Railroad overpass bridge, the Blanding Boulevard Bridge, and the
Ortega Bridge in Jacksonville, Florida.

Prepared  a  geotechnical  exploration  report  and  making  recommendations  for  the  rehabilitation  of  the
Jacksonville sheriff office's target range training facility in Jacksonville, Florida. This work included completing
a slope stability analysis and designing an earth-reinforced geosynthetic wall.

Prepared  a  geotechnical  exploration  report  and  making  recommendations  for  the  design  of  drainage
improvements for Moncrief Creek in Jacksonville, Florida.

Interpreted  the  results  of  cone  penetration  soundings  using  CPT-pro  software  for  a  project  involving  the
Lexington Park, Phase I, residential development in Jacksonville, Florida.

Monitored the drilling of soil borings at Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport for a project involving the
construction of a new hangar for Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation.

Recommended  capacities  for  steel  H-piles  needed  for  emergency  repairs  to  the  Northbank  Riverwalk  in
downtown Jacksonville, Florida.

Estimated the capacities of prestressed concrete piles for a new fire station overlooking the St. Johns River
in Jacksonville, Florida. This work took into consideration the negative skin friction from the downdrag forces
resulting from the settlement of the surrounding organic soils.

Performed axial and lateral capacity analyses of augered, cast-in-place piles for a satellite alert facility at the
Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. Total service loads were of 3,500 and 350 tons vertically and
horizontally, respectively.

Recommended slab-on-grade design parameters for a new running track at the University of North Florida in
Jacksonville, Florida.

Recommended  a  surcharge  program  to  accelerate  the  settlement  of  clayey  soils  underneath  a  proposed
distribution center in Jacksonville, Florida.

Oversaw triaxial and consolidation tests on soils obtained from a proposed site for the Target distribution center
in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Research/Teaching Assistant
Tufts University  -  Medford, MA - September 2003 to June 2006

Laboratory manager for a task assignment included instructing graduate students on a variety of concrete and
soil testing.

Conducted research on an innovative aggregate made of recycled materials (waste plastics encapsulate in
flyash) called synthetic lightweight aggregates for use in the paving industry.

Ran triaxial and consolidation tests on synthetic lightweight aggregates using state-of-the-art, fully automated,
triaxial and consolidation units.

Developed a new technique to test the strength of cohessionless soil in a triaxial cell, which was based on
controlling the volume of the soil samples prior to the shearing phase in the triaxial tests.

Designed a geosynthetic barrier and filter material for the green landscaping at Hill and Lane Halls at Tufts
University.

Research/Teaching Assistant
University of Massachusetts Lowell  -  Lowell, MA - January 2001 to August 2003

Instructed graduate students in laboratory experiments related to classes in experimental soil mechanics.

Conducted research involving peat and organic soils. Ran index tests on large, cylindrical, samples of peat,
which were 70 millimeters in diameter. This work included performing engineering classification, Atterberg
limits,  specific  gravity,  permeability,  fiber  content,  organic  content,  consolidation,  direct  shear,  and  triaxial
undrained compression tests on samples oriented both vertically and horizontally.

Performed laboratory tests on peat and organic soils and recommending engineering parameters for use in
numerical method analyses/finite element modeling.

Ran triaxial tests on Boston Blue Clay samples as part of experimental soil mechanics class.

Presented a seepage model using a finite difference analysis with Excel as part of experimental soil mechanics
class.

Geotechnical Engineer
Geosciences Testing and Research, INC  -  North Chelmsford, MA - January 2002 to January 2003

Supervised  concrete  pouring  for  precast  concrete  piles  in  the  warehouse.  Inspected  and  installed
instrumentation gages (load cells and strain gages) inside the piles.

Analyzed the liquefaction potential of a soil for the relocation of U.S. Route 44 in Carver, Massachusetts.

Reviewed  deep  dynamic  soil  compaction  test  results  for  the  relocation  of  U.S.  Route  44  in  Carver,
Massachusetts.

Interpreted the results of dilatometer and cone penetration tests on peat soils for the relocation of U.S. Route
44 in Carver, Massachusetts.

Performed  site  visits,  and  conducted  inclinometers  and  instrumentation  readings  for  a  sheet  pile  wall  that
supported the Route 44 in Carver, Massachusetts.

Oversaw drilling operations, continuous soil sampling and vane shear tests on Boston Blue Clay for a proposed
bridge over Mystic River in Revere, MA.

Performed consolidation and triaxial tests on Boston Blue Clay samples obtained from Mystic River in Revere,
MA.

Geotechnical Engineer
Massachusetts Highway Department  -  Boston, MA - 2003 to 2003

2003 (2 months assignment)

Designed foundation, prepared a geotechnical report, evaluated liquefaction potential, and recommended
engineering parameters for the seismic design of a bridge in South Hadley, Massachusetts. Recommended a
management plan for dismantling of the granite abutment of the bridge.
'

Civil Engineer
Dr. H. E. Abou Gad Architectural Firm - 1991 to 2000

Civil and consulting engineer for the Arab Academy for Science, Technology and Maritime Transport in Abu
Kir, Alexandria, Egypt. Oversaw the construction of the (Simulator) building. Supervised the construction of

5 stories hotel, an Olympic size swimming pool, a gymnasium and a cafeteria. Oversaw the construction of
several berths and slips for the academy.

Oversaw  the  construction  of  6  multi  stories  buildings  and  a  headquarter  building  for  the  Sugar  Factory  in
Gamasa,  Egypt.  Coordinated  the  mobilization  to  the  site  and  the  movement  of  personnel  and  equipment.
This project included the construction of two on-ground water tanks and several barracks for the construction
workers.

Designed and oversaw the construction of highways and secondary roads in the ancient city of Cairo, Egypt.
Conducted geotechnical explorations for several roadway projects in Alexandria, Egypt. Designed rigid and
flexible pavement for a chemical plant in Cairo, Egypt.

Designed and supervised the construction of foundations for several multistory buildings in Alexandria, Egypt.
Profiled  soils  at  different  sites,  seawalls,  and  retaining  structures  in  the  city  of  Alexandria,  Egypt.  Made
foundation recommendations for sea wave protection structures in Alexandria, Egypt.

Reviewed final construction drawings and as-built plans, monitored project schedules, and performed on-site
inspections of work in progress.

Geotechnical Engineer
Herbert Hoover Dike Rehabilitation and Repair - 1995 to 1998

Reach  1B,  Palm  Beach  County,  FL,  U.S.  Army  Corps  of  Engineers,  Jacksonville  District/EAC  Consulting,
Inc.  Geotechnical  Engineer  responsible  for  performing  geotechnical  analyses  on  Reach  1B  of  the  Herbert
Hoover Dike, which surrounds Lake Okeechobee in southern Florida. The project involves performing seepage
and slope stability analyses and designing improvements for the dike along Reach 1B and at two structures,
including a culvert (C-13) and the spillway (S-352). Significant seepage and piping events along the southern
and southeastern portions of the dike were observed in 1995 and 1998 during high-water events, which resulted
in significant maintenance on the dike. A relatively impervious and light blanket of peat and organic silts and
clays is located at the landside toe of the dike, which increase the groundwater pressure and therefore the exit
gradients and uplift pressures. Different solutions to improve the stability of the dike, including the construction
of relief wells, a seepage berm, a cutoff wall, and a deep drainage trench, have been evaluated.

Improving  Hurricane  Protection  Program,  New  Orleans  Levee  Systems,  New  Orleans,  Louisiana,  U.S.
Army Corps of Engineers, New Orleans District/Eustis Engineering Services, L.L.C. Geotechnical Engineer
responsible for performing slope stability analyses for the design of new sections and the rehabilitation of
existing sections of the levee system for the West of Algiers Canal, the Inner Harbor Navigation Canal and
the Cousins Outfall Canal. This work is part of the Improving Hurricane Protection program that the U.S. Army
Corps of Engineers is performing in New Orleans, Louisiana. These analyses were performed to evaluate the
stability of reinforced, unreinforced, T-wall and I-wall levees.

Harris  Bayou  Reconnection  Project-Outlet  Channel  Upstream,  Leesburg,  FL,  St.  Johns  River  Water
Management District. Civil Engineer responsible for designing of Articulating Blocks (AB) Mat- AB400, which
is typically used to protect canals, rivers, and lakes. They are also used to protect marine structures from
propeller wash, currents, and high velocity flows, checking the factor of safety to accommodate the expected
flow from the seepage underneath the existing weir, checking factor of safety against piping and uplifting of
the mats at the downstream of the existing weir, designing the apparent opening size (AOS) of the AB mats,
and running the slope stability analysis of the AB mats on a natural soil sloped at 4H: 1V and 3H: 1V at the
downstream and upstream of the existing weir.

Babylon  Train  Wash  Facility  Design  Modifications,  Babylon  NY,  MTA  Long  Island  Rail  Road  (LIRR).
Geotechnical/Civil Engineer responsible for designing of a dewatering system for the wash bay foundations and
reviewing the specifications for the bracing / sheeting required during construction along with the dewatering
specifications. The description of the LIRR project is as the following: The LIRR facility is to be located on
a yard lead track adjacent to the Montauk main lines; LIRR requested the design be updated to allow for
weekday train operations on the lead track through the washer. This required updating the design to precast
building foundations and sectionalized track slabs to allow for weekend installation. The facility design was
also updated to extend the wash bay by 80 feet to allow for additional dwell time on detergent application. The
wash facility was designed to wash electric trains ranging from 6 to 12 cars and diesel-hauled trains ranging
from 4 to 8 coaches. The design included a wash bay housing the detergent arch, front-wash arch, brush
wash, high-pressure wash arch, rear-wash arch, pre-rinse arch, final-rinse arch, and water stripper and a one-
story equipment building housing detergent storage and mixing, wash and rinse water recycle treatment, and
effluent water treatment.

Fells Landing Investigation and Repairs Baltimore City, Department of Transportation. Geotechnical Engineer
responsible for designing of steel H-piles to support a concrete slab for the repair of a two-year-old bulkhead
that had started to fail.

Rail Runner Commuter Rail Project, Santa Fe County, NM, Mid-Region Council of Governments. Geotechnical
Engineer responsible for reviewing the design of soil nailing wall for 17 miles of new commuter rail near Santa
Fe, New Mexico.

U.S. Routes 1 and 9, Sections 1K and 3M, Middlesex and Union Counties, NJ, New Jersey Department of
Transportation. Geotechnical Engineer responsible for providing review of shop drawings for drilled shafts
and evaluate submittals by subcontractors. The project consists of realigning U.S. Routes 1 and 9 to meet a
new bridge over the Rahway River, which was built under a separate contract. The project includes the total
reconstruction and widening of the roadway, one roadway bridge replacement, three new retaining walls, two
new culverts, and new and modified signalized intersections.

North Jacksonville Force Main and Water Main Project, FL, JEA. Civil Engineer responsible for determining
of the feasibility of installation of 48- inch steel pipe under CSX rail road using directional drilling methods
and checking the pipe ring deflection, pipe buckling stress versus applied load, and settlement at the ground
surface.

Three Rivers Regional Landfill, Aiken, SC, Davis and Floyd, Inc. Geotechnical Project Manager responsible for
performing stability re-evaluation of the Three Rivers Landfill due to increased final cover slopes from 4H:1V
to 3H:1V. Specific tasks included review of existing/prior design information, evaluation of geosynthetic clay
liner, selection of design parameters for waste / soil / and various geosynthetic interfaces, evaluation of bearing
capacity of the landfill subgrade, evaluation of the differential settlement of the leachate collection pipes using
the finite element analysis computer program Plaxis, performing seismic response / liquefaction analysis of
the landfill site, performing global stability analysis under static and seismic conditions using the computer
program Slope/W and performing veneer analysis of the final cover system that sloped 3H:1V.

Civil/Geotechnical/Field Engineer
Dr. H. E. Abou Gad Architectural Firm - 1995 to 1997

Was on a leave of absence from the above company

Managed the whole field operations and coordinated multidiscipline work efforts and vendors for constructing
a new electrical substation (called substation 6) in Saudi Aramco Headquarters in Al Dhahran, Saudi Arabia.

Some of the work involved: managing the mobilization of the work team and construction workers to the site,
excavation for foundations, inspecting the wooden frames for the foundations, columns and roofs, supervision
of concrete pouring operations, supervision of internal and external plaster work, surveying of underground
duct  banks,  constructing  barrier  walls  and  barbed  wire  fencing  around  the  generators  and  transformers,
inspecting  the  internal  and  external  drywall,  overseeing  the  layout  of  the  manholes  for  the  storm  water
management, inspecting the sewer lines layout and performing the As-built documentations.

Managed the field operations and coordinated multidiscipline work efforts for constructing a new electrical
substation in Khamis Moushait, South of Saudi Arabia. The work conducted is similar to the aforementioned
description.

Oversaw and inspected finishing works for a medical laboratory in King Abdulaziz Airbase Hospital, Dhahran,
Saudi Arabia.

Reviewed design plans for residential projects in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Oversaw the construction activities
and architectural finishing activities for residential villas and palaces in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.

Designed  foundations  and  structural  elements  (columns  and  roof  slabs)  for  several  residential  houses,
multistory buildings and villas in Jubail, Al Khobar and Al Damam, Saudi Arabia.

Intern Engineer
Style Design Firm - 1990 to 1991

Inspected concrete work for several small size buildings in Alexandria, Egypt.

Worked  with  a  surveying  crew  on  collecting  data  for  several  land  developments  in  Alagami,  outside  of
Alexandria.

Supervised and witnessed several pavement operations for small developments in the vicinity of Alexandria,
Egypt.

Witnessed the clearance operations of some canals and creeks in Rashid, Alexandria.

EDUCATION

Ph.D. in Geotechnical Engineering
Tufts University
2006

M.Sc. in Geotechnical Engineering
University of Massachusetts Lowell - Lowell, MA
2003

B.Sc. in Civil Engineering
Alexandria University
1992

