Augustus Mergenthaler

Principal Engineer/ Operations Manager

West Chester, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Augustus-Mergenthaler/f0f0d9d71e5229c2

WORK EXPERIENCE

Principal Engineer/ Operations Manager
URS - 2012 to 2013

Member of the leadership team of Newark Business Unit of URS Corporation, a multinational Fortune 500
Engineering and Construction company with annual revenues of $10.97 billion. Responsibilities included a
client service management for the largest industrial client, operations manager for Industrial group (more than
50 professional personnel, engineers,
geologist, environmental scientists and technician, executing over 200 projects implementing remedial and
EHS
compliance programs with revenues in excess of $15,00,000), and QAQC on projects.

• Initiated and led initiatives to enhance the client perception of the company to maintain and enhance the URS
client business relationship. Largest industrial client relationship (>$15,000,000 annual sales) was enhanced.
• Provided strategic consultation and technical reviews to multiple project teams on regulatory and technical
matters enhancing client perception of teams and company. Projects included Remedial and environmental
compliance programs primarily in the chemical sector.
• Evaluated client remedial program and presented alternative business solution providing a year over year
cost
savings that would grow as the portfolio matures.

Senior Consultant/ Regional Manager
Antea Group - 2010 to 2012

Regional Manager in domestic management team of Antea Group, an international environmental services
company  of  more  than  3000  personnel  worldwide.  Responsibilities  included  management  of  operations,
leading strategic business
transformation  and  project  and  client  service  management  in  Chemical,  Pharmaceutical,  Oil  &  Gas  and
General
Manufacturing industries.

•  Successfully  managed  a  group  of  three  offices  in  the  Mid-Atlantic  Region  through  a  significant  strategic
business
change in the client base (i.e. moving from one client sector to multiple diverse client sectors) to alleviate the
operational issues associated with a narrow client base. Group went from one client sector to four sectors with
overall revenue growth exceeding than 10 percent year over year.
• Expanded geographic presence in the Mid-Atlantic Region by establishing the first office in Pennsylvania.
Team
attained first Pennsylvania based clients.
• Improved cohesiveness of the operation in the Mid-Atlantic region through effective communications plan
execution maximizing profit and project quality. Both profit and quality improvements were achieved.
•  Provided  business  development  leadership  to  multiple  sellers/doers  in  the  region.  Teams  worked  more
closely
together to diversify the client base.

•  Provided  cost  effective  solutions  to  Remedial  Program  implementation  through  performance  based
contracting as well as other contract vehicles and client compliance programs.

Vice President, Construction and Environmental Services
ARCADIS - 2008 to 2010

Vice President in the Construction and Environmental Service Division of ARCADIS, an international company
providing
consultancy, design, engineering and management services in the fields of infrastructure, water, environment
and buildings. Responsibilities included practicing member of the D4 (Decommissioning, Decontamination,
Deactivation and
Demolition) business line that focused on managing client's underperforming assets, client management, and
personnel and project management.

• Lead and worked with multiple Fortune 500 client teams including US Multinational client like GE, Honeywell
and UTC to develop, win and execute D4 and site remediation projects.
• Awarded and/or executed more than $4,000,000 in project revenue. Projects included completion of facility
decommissioning and remediation project in accordance with multiple EHS regulatory programs (OSHA,
RCRA, Air, etc.) and Corporate EHS policies for multiple companies.
• Recruited talent to fulfill strategic objectives in the diversification of services to industrial clients including
UTC, GE and Honeywell.

Vice President/ Industrial Business Unit Manager/Principal Engineer
MWH - 1996 to 2008

Business Unit Leader in the Industrial Division of MWH, an international engineering and construction firm.
Responsibilities included operations including multiple P&L's for different operations with the Northeast US,
business
development, client management and project management.

• Grew a business unit from an office of eight personnel to multiple offices with more than 50 personnel, up
to ten people direct and 45 indirect reports.
• Lead business development overseeing multiple client services managers while executing the role myself.
• Lead or participated in cross selling projects across multiple operations including Municipal, Construction,
Industrial, Energy, International and Federal Government.
• Increased industrial revenue from $700,000 to $11,000,000 and total business unit revenue has grown to
$18,000,000.
• Partnered with several smaller firms to meet client needs and build and maintain client relationships.
•  Provided  innovative  solutions  to  projects  that  involved  permitting,  site  investigations,  regulatory
interpretations,
technology  evaluation,  property  transactions/due  diligence,  infrastructure  improvement,  design  and
implementation of hazardous waste management projects both domestically and internationally. Manage one
of the largest and most profitable industrial multi-year projects for the company.

Project Director
Roy F. Weston, Inc - 1995 to 1996

Project  Director  with  Weston  Solutions  (formerly  Roy  F.  Weston,  Inc.),  a  global  environmental  services
company
integrated  environmental,  sustainability,  property
headquartered 
redevelopment,  energy,  and  construction  solutions..  Responsibilities  included  business  development  and
management of a variety of projects

in  West  Chester,  PA  delivering 

involving  the  permitting,  site  investigations,  regulatory  interpretations,  technology  evaluation,  design  and
implementation of primarily hazardous waste management projects.

• Developed and managed projects ranging from $15,000 to $3,000,000.
• Performed project management duties on select projects for key clients in the chemical, pharmaceutical, Oil
& Gas (refining and pipelines) and general manufacturing sectors.
• Managed multidisciplinary teams with up to 30 people in as many as 12 offices on a project basis.

Technical Operations Director/Vice President Operations
ENSCI - 1992 to 1995

Technical Operations Director and later Vice President of Operations of the Construction Division of ENSCI
Corporation, a regional environmental services company located in High Point, North Carolina focused on
delivering environmental
construction  projects.  Responsibilities  included  operations  management,  P&L,  business  development  and
technical project
execution.

• Developed and implemented the technical and business standard operating procedures for the company
including technical and project management procedures.
• Grew the business increasing the Division revenue from $3,000,000 to $8,000,000.
• Hired and managed up to 35 personnel to execute a remedial construction, emergency response to Hazmat
spills and site restoration projects.
• Provided technical oversight on all projects.

Sr. Project Manager
Roy F. Weston, Inc - 1987 to 1992

Project Engineer and later Project and Sr. Project Manager with Weston Solutions (formerly Roy F. Weston,
Inc.), a global
environmental  services  company  headquartered  in  West  Chester,  PA  delivering  integrated  environmental,
sustainability,
property  redevelopment,  energy,  and  construction  solutions.  Responsibilities 
included  operations
management managing up to 6 environmental engineering professionals and execution and management of a
variety of projects involving the permitting, site investigations, regulatory interpretations, technology evaluation,
design and implementation of hazardous
waste management and compliance projects to Pharmaceutical, Chemical, Oil & Gas.

• Lead, developed and managed diverse projects ranging with revenue up to $2,500,000.
• Performed project management duties on select projects for key clients in the chemical, pharmaceutical, Oil
& Gas (refining and pipelines) and general manufacturing sectors as well as multinational conglomerates.
• Managed multidisciplinary teams with up to 20 people in as many as 10 offices on a project basis.

Remedial Response Team Leader/RCRA Permitting Team Leader
State of Delaware - 1983 to 1987

Environmental Engineer, later RCRA Permitting Team Leader and later Remedial Response Team Leader
by the State of
Delaware,  Department  of  Natural  Resources  and  Environmental  Control,  the  state  regulatory  agency
authorized  to  implement  and  enforce  environmental  laws  and  regulations  in  Delaware.  Responsibilities
included developing/
reviewing/analyzing regulations; reviewing/approving RCRA Part and industrial and municipal solid waste

landfill  permit  applications;  participating  on  the  State  of  Delaware  Emergency  Response  directing  spill
responses and leading the Remedial Response Team.

• Reviewed and issued the first land based RCRA Part B Permit in the State of Delaware and EPA Region 3.
• Reviewed and issued all land based Solid and Hazardous Waste Permits for the State of Delaware during my
tenure.
• Performed facility regulatory inspections and participated in assessment of compliance win environmental
programs.
• Established the Department's Remedial Response Team hiring and managing up to 6 personnel.
•  Lead  responses  to  multiple  major  environmental  incidents  requiring  incident  command/leadership,  multi-
agency coordination, and decisive actions to protect human health and the environment.

EDUCATION

BS Civil Engineering in Civil/Environmental
Sate of Delaware - Newark, DE
1975 to 1979

