Bernard Moultrie

Manufacturing Engineer

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Bernard-Moultrie/681545ed30eb8831

WORK EXPERIENCE

Manufacturing Engineer
Ingersoll Rand Trane  -  Trenton, NJ - March 2015 to October 2015

Severed  as  a  Manufacturing  Engineer  for  the  word  leaders  in  the  residential  heating  and  air  conditioning
industry.

Implementing product changes and process changes on the production floor related to risk elimination, cost
improvement projects, production demand, workstation design, material presentation and rapid experiment.

Work with the operations team driving root cause and corrective actions for issues pertaining to safety, quality,
and customer delivery driving the implementation.

Review plant layouts and update drawings accordingly using AutoCaD.

Selected outside vendor by evaluating their ability to supply equipment per the specification.
Performs line balances, capacity analysis, time studies, labor costing to optimize manufacturing production
output.

Drive lean manufacturing transformation to eliminating waste.

Provide technical guidance to maintenance personnel in troubleshooting and repair of equipment,

Works as part of the Change Management Team in the introduction of new products and processes

Review and implement Engineering Change Notices (ECN's), flat & structured bill of materialand sheet metal
routings for products.

Understanding and knowledge of manufacturing processes, including fabrication, assembly, and testing

Provided  support  to  manufacturing  and  machine  shop  with  auto  cad  drawings  and  answering  technical
questions to support manufacturing.

Project Engineer
Johnson March System Inc - 2007 to 2014

Served as a project engineer for the leading manufacturer of chemical feeds systems for the petroleum, water
treatment, chemical and industrial industries.
Analyzed project needs, interpreted specifications, and selected chemical feed system equipment for oil
refineries, municipal water filtration plants, power plants and other industrial location.
Designed and developed chemical feed systems with the selection and design metering pumps, chlorinators,
pipe  sizing,  pressure  relief  valves,  pulsation  dampers  and  backpressure  valves,  y-strainer,  flare  header
analysis, relief headers and water quality panels.
Tracked and updated project progress by using Microsoft project tools.

Provided technical support to inside and outside customers, sales team and to customers during startup of
equipment. Test equipment mechanically and electrically and program PLC controls.
Developed manufacturing BOM, PID, Electrical and Mechanical drawing using Autocad. Prepared equipment
layout drawings for customer review and for manufacturing use.
Designed pressure vessels per American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) code.
Selected outside vendor by evaluating their ability to supply equipment per the specification.
Worked in an ISO 9000 environment.

Manufacturing Engineer
Tyco Healthcare  -  King of Prussia, PA - 2004 to 2007

Manufacturing Engineer for a leading manufacturer of children diapers using high speed paper converting
machine. Participate with product development trials with quality and design engineers.
Provided technical support to manufacturing team using cGMP and FDA practices.
Designed safety guards to be installed on the machine for the safety of workers.
Provided safety training to workers on the best used practice on the manufacturing floor.
Designed new equipment layout to the plant floor for the installation of new or upgraded equipment to the
production line.
Increased production and reduced waste from our production line using Lean Manufacturing training.
Provided troubleshooting assistance for daily consumer products high speed manufacturing machine issues
and resolved mechanical problems.
Provided training of new equipment and company safety procedures.
Ensured all equipment was properly guarded once released to manufacturing.
Improved line production by 50% and reduce line waste by 40% by improving production line material and
manufacturing team environment.
Supervise scheduled preventive maintenance for manufacturing machines.
Received company provided OSHA safety training.

Sr. Project Engineer
Ktron America  -  Pitman, NJ - 2001 to 2004

Serve as project engineer for the world's leading manufacturer of bulk material handling equipment.
Managing multiple projects at the same time. Track project progress by using Microsoft project tool.
Analyzed project needs, interpreted specifications, and selected feeder equipment for plastics, oil refineries,
food processing, and other industrial needs.
Designed and developed material handling systems with engineers, contractors and customers.
Worked closely with engineers, contractors and customer from beginning to final start-up.
Received OSHA safety training to be used during start up and installation of equipment provided by Ktron.
Provided submittal packages dimensional outline and electrical interconnection drawing to the customer,
engineer, and contractor.
Located vendors, performed cost comparisons, and made independent purchasing decisions
Provided these services to the Food industry, Injection Molding / Plastics, Oil industry, Customer care/ and
Healthcare Industry.
Received excellent formal evaluations, accompanied by increases in salary.

Project Engineer
U.S. Wallace & Tiernan  -  Vineland, NJ - 1996 to 2001

Served as a project engineer for the world's leading manufacturer of industrial water filtration products.
Analyzed project needs, interpreted specifications, and selected filtration equipment for oil refineries, municipal
water filtration plants, and other industrial locations. Tracked Project Progress by using Microsoft Project Tools.
Designed and developed water treatment systems per specification.

Designed system calculation for water treatment systems.
Located vendors, performed cost comparisons, and made independent purchasing decisions.
Developed manufacturing BOM, PID, Electrical and Mechanical drawing using Autocad. Prepared equipment
layout drawings for customer review and for manufacturing use.

Production Manufacturing Engineer
Supervised the work of 13 manufacturing assemblers by selecting and enhancing water treatment chemical
feed equipment
Manufacturing production done in a Just In Time (J.I.T.) Lean manufacturing environment.
Developed process flow and process procedures for the manufacturing of equipment.
Ιimproved production goals by 55% using Lean Manufacturing procedures and eliminating waste.
Analyzed production costs, performed time studies, and developed improved procedures.
Served on the company's Standard Control Board.
Provided safety training to assembly workers in the production of chemical feed equipment on the production
floor.
Worked  along  with  quality  engineers  with  the  inspection  of  components  from  our  approved  vendors,  and
assisted in quality testing of equipment.
Coordinated the company's relocation to Vineland: Project involved development of plant layout, selection of
equipment, and the handling of transportation issues.
Hired as Manufacturing Engineer. Promoted to Project Engineer.

Manufacturing Engineer
Cabot Medical  -  Langhorne, PA - 1994 to 1996

Developed manufacturing procedures, provided quality control, and prioritized the inspection process for one
of the leading manufacturers of medical equipment in the region.
Improved production and quality by 45% by updating SOPs and QCP's. which caused ISO 9000 certification.
Played a vital role in development of manufacturing process for Cabot Medical's hysteroscopy pump, a new
piece of equipment.
Designed new floor layout for the manufacturing of new Hysteroscopy pump line and existing laparoscope
equipment.
Designed all new manufacturing tooling for all the medical equipment product line.
Trained assembly workers with safety training in the manufacturing of medical devices.
Worked with quality engineers with the inspection and testing of equipment.

Utility Engineer
Betz Laboratories  -  Horsham, PA - 1991 to 1994

Built strong, trusting relationships at all levels of inside and outside customers; received and followed-up on
numerous referrals and recommendations from existing client base.
Accompanied sales representatives on calls to clients for technical support
Trained customers onsite on how the chemical program designed for their system affects and saved their
capital and process equipment.
Took a hands-on approach and made recommendation for improvements of chemical feed equipment and
chemistry that would improve the customer equipment and reduce energy cost.
Often worked independently providing quality-oriented follow through to all clients.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Mechanical Engineering Technology
South Carolina State University - Orangeburg, SC

