Brandon Jennings

Linchpin, Lean Six Sigma / Finance professional and Project Manager, Understands
the Importance of Teamwork, Integrity, Respect, and its Value to the Organization

New Castle, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Brandon-Jennings/be98c1051efe8f18

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Lean Six Sigma Continuous Improvement Consultant
CHEMOURS CO - 2015 to 2016

Responsibilities
Consult at a large hazardous chemical plant site (>500 employees), multiple businesses / products, across
various  disciplines  (Maintenance,  Medical,  Operations)  Assess,  implement,  and  facilitate  specific  training
initiatives: culture change initiatives, performance management tools, continuous improvement, and capability
building on Lean concepts and organizational change.

Production System Expert (Lean Six Sigma Continuous Improvement Consultant)
DUPONT CO - 2009 to 2015

Consult at a large hazardous chemical plant site (>500 employees), multiple businesses / products, across
various  disciplines  (Maintenance,  Medical,  Operations)  Assess,  implement,  and  facilitate  specific  training
initiatives: culture change initiatives, performance management tools, continuous improvement, and capability
building on Lean concepts and organizational change.

Fixed Asset Coordinator
DUPONT CO - 2006 to 2009

Managed fixed assets for 5 plant sites with a gross book value > $750M. Plant site SME for cost versus capital
decision making inquiries. Reconciled accounting movements in a timely fashion per Sarbanes Oxley (SOx)
guidelines. Approved all Capital project authorizations requests.

Assistant Platform Investment Engineer
CHEMOURS CO - 2004 to 2006

Responsibilities
Same as below but more businesses and extensive roll up reporting.

Assistant Business Investment Engineer
CHEMOURS CO - 2000 to 2004

Led  monthly  Cost  control  meeting  on  $.5M-$1M  Capital  projects.  Provided  training  sessions  and  system
support  for  various  new  processes  and  systems  to  domestic  and  international  sites.  Managed  Project
Authorization system (Database Management), extensive roll-up reporting, and analytics. Coordinated and
analyzed specific business's SOx account reconciliation data for submittal to Finance.

Account Service Investigator (ASI) Specialist
CITIBANK DELAWARE - 1995 to 2000

Account  Management  -  Performed  account  reconciliation  and  notification  to  Corporate  Customers  of  daily
transfer  amounts  to  Citigroup.  Modified  and  delete  various  Corporate  Customer  accounts,  including  fund

transfer and billing cycle data. Processed Audit and Credit requests. Captured daily production metrics for
upper management. Reconciled daily user report to online system.

EDUCATION

MBA in Finance Management
Goldey Beacom College - Wilmington, DE

MBA in Marketing Management
Goldey Beacom College - Wilmington, DE

Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
Goldey Beacom College - Wilmington, DE

SKILLS

Project Management, Microsoft Office, Excel, Lean, Six Sigma, Training, Facilitating, Coaching, Diversity,
Board, Volunteering

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/in/brandonajennings

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Enjoys working with groups to facilitate problem solving and leading improvement projects(Kaizens). Expertise
in data research, preparation, consolidation, analysis and reporting. Recognized Change Agent by improving
individual  and  organizational  performance,  stimulating  culture  change,  and  building  capability  to  a  lean
continuous improvement mindset. Successful project manager, leading multiple projects simultaneously while
influencing  teams  without  authority.  Strategic  plan  development  with  performance  measures,  execution,
reporting and coaching. Served on Management Team, successfully negotiating a new contract with the Union.

Core competencies include:
Data Mentality Continuous Improvement Project Management Lean Six Sigma
Training and Facilitation Time Management Capability building Integrity

Project Work | Monthly Performance Reporting | Forecast and Variances |Asset Reconciliation

•  Site  leadership  felt  equipment  leases  was  an  opportunity  for  cost  savings,  I  Led  a  site  wide  equipment
optimization project, leading a team of Operation Area Managers through the Six Sigma DMAIC process we
achieved > $500K fixed cost reduction.
• Maintenance Area Managers was tasked to reduce Maintenance contractor cost and chose a specific craft to
target. I led the effort working with Maintenance Coordinators and Contract Administrators to develop a tool to
help manage the cost. We worked with the contractor to obtain the needed data, I developed charts and trends
by the various areas, trained stake holders and transitioned monthly updating/reporting process to contract
clerk. We achieved increase awareness and reduction in costs.
•  Site  leadership  reviews  total  Project  savings  data  monthly,  this  is  pulled  up  to  Corporate,  I  am  the  site
database administrator that runs the monthly reports and field any questions from users. Standard reports I
update and distribute are; variances from previous month, Year end forecasts and suggestions on potential

data errors. We have been recognized by above site leadership for our robust processes and ability to change
reporting techniques quickly due to business changes.
• Monthly fixed asset duties require keeping proper documentation that is reconciled monthly. Originally trained
on the manual paper intensive process, I developed an electronic version that reduced the Sarbanes Oxley
reconciliation time from days to hours.

Asset Verification | Continuous Improvement | Training |Models, Metrics and Dashboards

• Annually our policy is to formally verify 100% of the assets. Originally the process was not top priority by the
area personnel, through engagement with leaders and area contacts; I raised awareness of the importance of
properly classifying assets and the impact of inaccurate asset listings. The result was completion by year end,
accurate asset list and better understanding by stakeholders.
• Approached by Medical Manager to facilitate an improvement session with her nurses, I raised awareness
of Lean, Six sigma and kaizens, we walked through the process and developed a list of causes for a set issue,
prioritized those causes and developed solutions. The feedback was positive and the team had a pipeline of
solutions and a list of actions with responsibilities and timelines for the chosen solution.
• The company rolled out Respect training globally and I was asked to train our plant site and lead the effort. The
training sessions were 4 hours in length and the average class size was 20. We trained over 600 employees
in an engaging multi exercise course and feedback was positive from attendees and leadership.

Technical Skills

- MS Excel Certified Specialist - Data Mining/Analyzing/Reporting/Charts
- Intranet Web Design (Sharepoint) - Training/Facilitation/Coaching
- ERP Systems (SAP / Business Warehouse) - Speaking/Active Listening

