Bruce Trupo

Electrical Lead/Commercial Project Manager - Paul Zensky Electrical Contractors/
Vanguard Energy Partners LLC

Magnolia, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Bruce-Trupo/905e94279282f356

I  am  seeking  a  career  in  a  Management  role  utilizing  17  years  of  leadership  responsibilities,  training,
coordination,  administrative,  and  logistical  management.  I  also  am  able  to  utilize  my  communication  skills
with your everyday person, which enables me to relate, and understand the many types of personalities and
everyday demands of the community, an employee, customer and employer.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Lead/Commercial Project Manager
Paul Zensky Electrical Contractors/ Vanguard Energy Partners LLC - 2008 to Present

While with Paul Zensky Electrical Contractors/ Vanguard Energy Partners LLC, I have installed various types of
Solar systems from 5.5 kW to 3.86 MW. I have working knowledge of various types of inverters from: Froniuos,
Xantrex, Satcon and Sunny Boy. Projects that I have been part of include ground arrays, carports or rooftops
for the commercial clients. I have provided a list of some jobs that have been done to date. Some other job
duties include residential and commercial application.

Some of the projects I have worked on:
-Hall's Refrigeration Warehouse, South Plainfield, NJ (3.86 Mw)
-Fort Lee MUA, Community Center, and Police Department, Fort Lee, NJ (200 Kw)
-Morristown Waste Water Treatment Facility, Morristown, NJ (750 Kw)
-Mcguire Air Force Base Medical Facility/Library, Wrightstown, NJ (110 Kw)
-Black River Farm, Ringoes, NJ (87 Kw)
-Charles Elementary School, Palmyra, NJ (75 Kw)
-Fairton Federal Prison, Fairton, NJ (400 Kw)
-Fimble Door, Branchburg, NJ (375 Kw)
-Paige Wire, Springfield, NJ (500 Kw)
-DCC, Union, NJ (250 Kw)
-Deutsche Bank, Piscataway, NJ (1.2Mw)
-Pem America, Cranbury, NJ (711 Kw)
-Alliance Shippers, Metuchen, NJ (800 Kw)
-Somerset School District, Phase II, (2.5 Mw)

I have worked on multiple jobs with a crew of 3 to 45 personnel under my direction, I have also had to keep a
complete log of job duties performed by all individual crewman and daily progression sheets to ensure timely
job completion.

I have installed various other residential systems to include rooftop, ground mount and trakker systems, in
excess of 4 Mw+. I have also been tasked with installation and trouble shooting of all communications for all
inverters, to include parameter settings and reading data logs for all inverter types.

I have a running total of over 35 Mw of solar as a Project Manager, both working and non-working.

Electrician/Foreman

Pitt Bull Electric, Inc - 2002 to 2008

While  with  Pitt  Bull  Electric,  Inc.,  as  an  electrical  Foreman,  for  the  Photovoltaic  side  the  company,  I  have
a working knowledge in commercial applications. I have worked with both AC and DC applications. Some
experience I posses are print reading, pipe bending, circuitry, and layout. I have held the position of lead and
assistant foreman and have been tasked with the maintaining of continuous flow on projects with coordination
and material supplies for job completion.

Some of the following projects that I have worked on in the past:
-Hilton Hotel, Valley Forge
-Hilltop Elementary School, Chichester, Pa.
-Cumberland County Prison
-Rieck Avenue Elementary School, Millville, NJ
-RL Carrier, Burlington, NJ
-Sugartown Elementary, Malvern, Pa
-Hilltop Elementary, Chichester, Pa.
-ARMM & Associates-Photovoltaic (40-60 Kw)
-Pathmark Photovoltaic (225-250 Kw) Lawnside 250Kw, Elizabeth 225Kw, and Garwood 250Kw, NJ

Civil Engineer
U.S. Air Force Reserve - 1998 to 2007

For nine years have trained and been educated in all aspects of structural framing, drywall, duct fabrication
and installation, masonry, welding, and concrete all being sponsored by the University of the Air Force Civil
Engineering Program. I have been Honorable discharged from the 514 CES Squadron, from McGuire AFB,
NJ, where I perform the various duties of carpentry, while working hand in hand with numerous other trades
and even cross training if the training requires me to do so.

Trained and received 696 hours of apprenticeship classroom time while in Gulf Port, Mississippi and over well
beyond 10000 hours of practical application in the construction of buildings from foundation on up. I also am
qualified in MIG and TIG welding.

Some of my extra duty features include: Sweep and Clear NCOIC; I am in charge of training and coordination
of a squad level group in proper patrolling and clearing of hostile areas.

Project Manager
Tradesource, inc  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - 2001 to 2003

Held a position as the Project Manager; my job duties consist of sales and recruiting for the local NJ, Delaware,
and Southeastern Pennsylvania areas. My normal daily functions are to produce an abundance of work orders
and maintain a high demand of quality workers to meet the needs of over 300 contractors per trade. The
various trades include: Carpentry, Electrical, HVAC, Plumbing, Masonry, and everyday General Labor.

Job  Duties  include  the  maintaining  of  administrative  and  logistical  needs  of  tradesman  working  for  me,  to
include;  payroll,  hiring/termination  of  tradesman,  medical  and  workers  comp  benefits,  and  their  everyday
personal needs. While with Trade Source, I was able to average my sales on a run rate of over 2.5 million
dollars for the year; this was after being forecasted at 1.185 million and doing so as a single man office.

carpenter
C&C Construction  -  Red Bank, NJ - 1998 to 2001

area
-Cranberry Assisted Living, in Cherry Hill NJ

-Abington Police Training Facility, in Abington, Pa.

Infantryman
U.S. Marine Corp - 1994 to 1998

Trained in many aspects of leadership, management and organization of troops from personal welfare and
work relationship. Have the working ability to direct or lead anywhere from 6 to 175 personnel at one time.
Counseling skills in job performance and discipline of personnel.

I have held such positions as squad leader as an E-2, Section Leader and acting Platoon Sergeant as an
E-3, FDC Chief while with an 81mm Mortar Platoon. Some specialty training included weapons training with
anything from a pistol to high impact weapons.

My Training has also included various close quarter training, ammunition and explosives handling, and I have
also been trained in the use of many different weapons from small arms to large scale weapons.

EDUCATION

BS in Human Resource Development
Camden County Institute of Technology in Pennsauken - Pennsauken, NJ
2001 to 2007

Civil Engineering Squadron
Air Force University
1998 to 2001

Marine Corp. Institute of Technology and NCO Academy.
1994 to 1998

High School Diploma
Deptford High School
1990 to 1994

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: USMC
Rank: Sgt/E-5
June 1994 to June 1998
Served honorably while in the Marine Corp. Held many different billets from squad leader to platoon Sgt.

Commendations:
-NAVY ACHIEVEMENT MEDAL-GOOD CONDUCT MEDAL-(2) CERTIFICATES OF COMMENDATION FOR
EXCELLENCE IN PERFORMANCE.

CERTIFICATIONS

OSHA 10
October 2011 to Present

Aerial Work Platforms

June 2012 to June 2015

FORKLIFT operator training
June 2012 to June 2015

Certificates of completion for Apprenticeship I, II, III, and IV
September 2002 to May 2007
Certificates for passing each year of my required apprenticeship education per year.

