Carey Dougherty-Allen

Manufacturing Engineer | Sales Engineer | Process Engineer | Control Engineer

Ridley Park, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Carey-Dougherty-Allen/5e6cc10f538e862b

Entry-level Process Engineer
~ Expertise performing and troubleshooting overall operations, teams, assets, and processes associated with
chemical engineering controls ~

•  Track  record  of  driving  and  optimizing  process  functionality,  control,  programming,  and  associated
equipment.
• Manage cross-functional teams in safety and reliability of academic goals while identifying opportunities for
improvement.
• Experience working with filtration, fluidized bed, pump systems, polymer extrusions, and more.
• Superb team leadership, analytical, and communication skills. Reputed for credibility, exceptional work ethic,
and sharp attention to detail. Thrive in dynamic settings.
• Responsible for troubleshooting issues and implementing corrective actions to address the problem.
• Experience working with Microsoft Office Suite, Maple 16, Minitab 16, VBA, Aspen, and UniSim/HYSYS.
Willing to relocate to: Philadelphia, PA - King of Prussia, PA
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Treasurer/Bookkeeper
University of Florida  -  Gainesville, FL - August 2015 to Present

Maintain all organizational funds, books of accounts, and records. Prepare the annual budget and disperse
funds in accordance with it. Prepare financial statements and complete Federal tax returns. Currently training
replacement.
• Manage a $150K annual budget.
• Rewrote operating manuals for the Executive Board and Fundraising Chairperson positions to streamline
operations and improve communications.
• Implemented a new financial software platform.
• Negotiated a $10K refund from the IRS for tax penalties accrued and paid in years prior to current tenure.

Undergraduate Student
University of Florida  -  Gainesville, FL - August 2012 to May 2016

Currently completing a Bachelor's of Science in Chemical Engineering with coursework, including Safety and
Experimental Evaluation, Material and Energy Balances, Computer Model Formulation, Elementary Transport
Phenoma,  Fluid  and  Solid  Operations,  Energy  Transfer  Operation,  Process  Thermodynamics,  Phase  and
Chemical  Equilibria,  Separation  and  Mass  Transfer  Operations,  Kinetics  &  Reactor  Design,  Materials  of
Chemical Engineering, Process Economics, and Process Control Theory.
Gained hands-on experience on pilot-scale equipment in a pilot-scale laboratory representing unit operations
often found in the chemical process and related industries.
Notable Academic Projects:
• Senior Design Project - capstone project including the design of 2 independent, continuous processes for
the production of Di-tert-butyl peroxide (DTBP).
◦ Outcomes included systematic selection of reaction chemistry, modelling of the entire process, sizing of
equipment, and preliminary costing.

•  Cost  Benefit  Analysis  on  Distillation  Column  Revamps  -  researched  and  authored  an  informative  paper
and  presentation  on  the  cost  benefit  to  revamping  columns  used  in  chemical  separation  processes  for
humidification, stripping, absorption, and distillation.
◦  Benefits  of  revamping  older  columns  -  improve  separations,  increase  capacity,  and  reduce  energy
consumption.

Notable Laboratory Projects - Unit Ops: Fluid and Energy Transfer Operations/Separatons and Mass Transfer
•  Filtration  -  performed  experiments  using  a  small  batch  filter  and  used  the  experimental  data  to  predict
operating conditions for a continuous rotary drum filter and verified these predictions through experiments on
the drum filter.
• Fluid Flow in Pipes - investigated fluid flow in a pipe network and explored several methods of measurement
of the fluid flow rate, including rotameter, orifice, and venture meter.
• Fluidized Bed - investigated the effects of process parameters on minimum fluidization velocity, understood
the role of particle shape on fluid flow and fluidization characteristics, and used the Ergun equation to predict
behavior.
• Heat Exchanger - evaluated the performance of 3 different types of heat exchangers (tubular, plate, and
shell & tube).
•  Thin  Film  Evaporator  -  systematic  investigation  of  the  effects  of  various  parameters  on  the  efficiency  of
separation using feed flow rate and pressure in the TFE chamber as controls.
• Micelle Formation -- determined the critical micelles concentration (CMC) for a variety of sodium dodecyl
sulfate (SDS) concentrations by measuring both absorbance and conductivity, investigated the dependence
of CMC on temperature.
•  Polymer  Extrusion  -  determined  the  material  flow  rates  of  viscoelastic  fluids  at  different  screw  speeds,
determined the dependence of extruded dimensions on process variables, and used transport equations to
predict extruded dimensions.
•  Pump  System  -  gained  understanding  of  pump  performance  curves,  sizing,  configurations,  and  process
control.
• Spin Coating - performed spin-coating of a silicon wafer by viscous fluids and investigated the effects of
rotation speed, spin-coating time, and the viscosity of the thickness of the produced thin film.
• Batch Distillation - determined overall column and local plate efficiencies and analyzed the performance of
key system parameters when the column was run at different reflux ratios.
• Liquid-Liquid Extraction - performed equipment calibration and titrations to determine solute compositions
in  various  streams,  performed  analysis  to  determine  how  various  packing  materials  effect  mass  transfer
coefficient.
• Gas Absorption/Cooling Tower - gained experience fully characterizing the behavior of an absorption column.
• Semiconductor Manufacturing - gained understanding of oxide growth, photolithography, and wet and dry
etching.

Outreach Coordinator
University of Florida  -  Gainesville, FL - January 2014 to May 2014

Provided outreach services to undergraduate science students to dispel misconceptions about the Chemical
Engineering Program, answer questions, and improve student retention within the Program.

Peer Advisor
University of Florida  -  Gainesville, FL - August 2013 to January 2014

Guided students on resources available to them through the University of Florida and the Chemical Engineering
Program focusing on non-traditional and special needs students. Provided 1-on-1 guidance and help.

Data Analyst
Heath Consultants Inc - May 2007 to May 2010

Owner/Baker
From Carey's Table, LLC  -  Naples, FL - September 2005 to May 2007

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering
University of Florida - Gainesville, FL
May 2016

Associate of Arts in Engineering
Santa Fe College - Gainesville, FL
August 2012

SKILLS

Site Management, Process Safety, Project Management, Training, Process Optimization, Team Leadership,
Troubleshooting, Unit Operations, Laboratory Reporting, Inspection, Process Controls, Microsoft Office

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/in/careydoughertyallen

CERTIFICATIONS

Process Safety 101 (SAChE)

Risk Assessment (SAChE)

Inherently Safer Design (SAChE)

Dust Explosion Control (SAChE)

Safety in the Chemical Process Industries (SAChE)

Project Management Professional (PMP)
In Progress

GROUPS

Project Management Institute (PMI)

American Institute of Chemical Engineers (AIChE)

Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers (SHPE)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Core Competencies Include:
Site Management • Process Safety • Project Management • Training • Process Optimization
Team Leadership • Troubleshooting • Unit Operations • Laboratory Reporting • Inspection • Process Controls

