Christopher Crawford

Sr. Product Development Engineer - CHEMGLASS

Township of Woolwich, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Christopher-Crawford/7e87c6f6656d6c64

Willing to relocate to: Florida
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. Product Development Engineer
CHEMGLASS  -  Vineland, NJ - November 2010 to Present

Sole Engineer responsible for design and development of scientific laboratory equipment.
➢ Products include magnetic stirrer, orbital shaker, drum roller, rocker and reciprocating shaker.
➢ Developed bioreactor stands and components for both small and large size glass vessels.
➢ Designed various catalog items incl. screw caps, glass joint fittings, and custom components.
➢ All designs done in 2010-2012 3D SolidWorks.

Product Development Engineer
TROEMNER, LLP  -  Thorofare, NJ - October 2008 to November 2010

Project leadership for developing new Mini-Vortexer product from concept to production.
➢ Project leadership for design and development of new Hot Plate Stirrer product into production.
➢ Leadership over designers, electrical and software engineers and lab technicians.
➢ All designs done in 3D SolidWorks.

Sales
SELF-EMPLOYED, Woolwich Twp - March 2003 to October 2008

Top producer in sales for debt relief services.

Senior Mechanical Engineer
MARS ELECTRONICS INTERNATIONAL  -  West Chester, PA - November 1993 to March 2003

Lead mechanical engineer to design new currency acceptors for vending/gaming markets.
➢ Project leadership for design of injection molded lockable/removable cassette.
➢ Designed injection molded cash box capable of withstanding high impact without damage.
➢ Designed various stacking and belt transport systems for bill acceptors.
➢ Responsible for maintaining existing product line with manufacturing support.
➢ All designs done in 3D on SolidWorks 2003.

Senior Development Engineer
LUTRON  -  Coopersburg, PA - December 1991 to November 1993

Project leadership for development of incandescent and ceiling paddle-fan dimmers.
➢ Implemented two different controls into production three months ahead of schedule.
➢ Spearheaded value analysis team to reduce cost on all existing product lines.
➢ Direct supervision of one engineer and one designer.
➢ Responsible for hiring and training of new mechanical engineers.

Manager of Engineering
CARDINAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC  -  Lancaster, PA - March 1987 to December 1991

Start-up company from $0 to $50 million in sales in 5 years
➢ Responsible for mechanical design all mechanical design for new company start-up.
➢  Developed  modems,  PC's,  monitors,  keyboards,  LCD  displays,  LORAN-guided  navigational  plotter  and
musical keyboard.
➢ Directly supervised two engineers, three designers and two model makers.
➢ Managed fully equipped model shop having various state-of-the-art CNC machinery.
➢ Spearheaded start-up of injection molding facility inside manufacturing plant.

Member of Technical Staff
RCA  -  Lancaster, PA - November 1983 to March 1987

Developed plastic snap-together monitors, keyboards and video surveillance cameras.
➢ Responsible for reducing number of corporate fasteners to minimum.
➢ Direct supervision over three designers and two model makers.

Development Engineer
AMP, INC  -  Harrisburg, PA - July 1979 to November 1983

Designed and developed electrical connectors.
➢ Developed insulation displacement, DIP socket, ribbon cable and card-edge connectors

EDUCATION

Medical Engineering
Hofstra University - Garden City, NY

MBA
Pennsylvania State University, Capitol Campus

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Areas of Expertise

3D CAD Design using Solid Works • New Product Development • Injection molded plastic design • Sheet
metal design • Project Management • Prototyping • Supplier Coordination • Tool Procurement • Design for
Manufacturing • Electronic Packaging • Customer Relations

