Christopher Hanes

Sr. Gear Manufacturing Engineer - Chalmers and Kubeck Inc

Wallingford, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Christopher-Hanes/4d10126c08449481

To obtain a long term position in the field of engineering design, manufacturing, or reliability,
with a company that can both utilize and build upon my electrical and mechanical experience.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. Gear Manufacturing Engineer
Chalmers and Kubeck Inc  -  Aston, PA - August 2004 to Present

Manufacturing and repair facility for industrial gearboxes, pumps, turbines, and valves. Company is
ISO 9001:2008 certified, a member of the AGMA, and has a 10CFR50 Appendix B Nuclear Quality
Program.

Current responsibilities:
Precision custom cylindrical gear manufacturing, inspection, quality control, fixture and tooling design, and
documentation. Cylindrical gear design, GD&T, and reverse engineering for manufacturability and assembly,
including upgrade recommendations. Standards include ISO, AGMA, SAE, ASME, and application/customer
specific specifications.
Manufacturing process management including process and test procedure writing, implementation,
control, and analysis for continuous improvement.
Project management and execution.
Failure analysis of gearing, gearboxes, motors, pumps, and drive systems.
Maintenance of gear machines and machine tools, including preventative and predictive maintenance
scheduling, retrofits, rebuilds.
New equipment recommendations, installation, and implementation.
Training of incoming personnel.

Current projects include:
Implementation of a job shop lean concept based manufacturing system.
Retrofitting of a Klingelnberg 2500 Gear Checking Machine.
Development of a manufacture, test and inspection procedure for a large client.
Development of a product performance and life cycle program.

Detail Shop Manager
Diamond State Dealer Services  -  Ardmore, PA - January 2003 to August 2004

Manage all aspects of the contracted detail shop at Martin Main Line Honda in Ardmore, PA, including
supervision of 3 employees. Work includes light bodywork and buffing of all used car units.
Management of time and labor resources. Record, report, file, and billing occur weekly. Assisted shop
personnel with automotive electrical troubleshooting, and repair of shop equipment.

Service Technician
Innovative Concepts in Entertainment  -  Clarence, NY - May 2001 to November 2001

Support for customers in the troubleshooting and repair of PCB's, mechanical, and electromechanical

parts  for  a  variety  of  ticket  redemption  video  games.  Assist  in  the  house  repair,  troubleshooting,  and
manufacturing of PCB's, servos, actuators, and custom subassemblies. Responsible for R&D, testing, and
support of new games/products, utilizing both customer input and internal programs.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Electrical Engineering
University of Pittsburgh - Pittsburgh, PA
December 2000

Attica High School - Attica, NY
June 1996

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

COMPUTER SKILLS
Microsoft Office Suite, Excel, Word, Power Gear, Windows based operating systems, and
various CNC machine interfaces.
Faro CAM2, AutoCAD, Solidworks, Labview, C++, Matlab, PSpice, various PLC systems, and
AGMA Gear rating suite.

