Clayton Long

Inside Sales Engineer at CATERPILLER-ISO

Burlington, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Clayton-Long/9be35c984201a87a

Highly proficient account manager noted for positioning products to both the business and technical end users.
Experienced  sales  engineer  with  proven  technical  and  sales  growth  experience.  Focused  problem  solver,
combining  analytical,  organizational,  technical  and  interpersonal  skills  to  achieve  key  business  objectives.
Areas of expertise include:

• Relationship Building • Customer Service * Creative / Strategic Solution Selling
* Territory Development * Sales Presentations * Strategic Alliance Development
* Productivity Improvement * Client Needs Analysis * New Product Introduction
* Product Management *Outside Sales *Inside Sales * Excellent Communication Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sales Engineer
CATERPILLER-ISO  -  Alpharetta, GA - January 2008 to April 2011

Interpret engineering specifications for CAT, Eaton, Zenith, ASCO, Russelectric, Generac, Cutler-Hammer
and  competitor  product  line  technologies,  then  positioned  products  to  both  the  business  and  technical
end  users.  Identified  technical  and  communication  gaps  in  specifications  and  corrected  them  to  ensure
customer satisfaction throughout final sales and operations. Researched and developed profile of competitor's
win strategy and made recommendations for pricing, quality, and aftermarket business, using comparative
or  superior  product  proposals,  according  to  specific  technical  needs  and  data.  Managed  accounts  and
relationships with CAT dealers, teaming partners, subcontractors, and third parties, to ensure product offer
positioning  against  competitor  product  line  pricing  to  win  bids,  and  contracts.  Coordinated  with  product
managers via process after final sales. Quoted and negotiated pricing for dealers and site engineers for ATS,
Medium and low-voltage switchboards for paralleling Switch Gear projects.
• Surpassed goals for 2008-2010, achieving 22% marginal profit goals on 15% expected.
• Total profit growth for 2010 was 143% on SE Caterpillar Dealer accounts assigned.
• Supported pricing and subjective communications for AIS, GIS and Pass MO's.
• Supported Modbus and TCP/IP, and Ethernet for communications, compatible with Eaton-CAT products and
competitor product line. Proficient in UL-1008.

Sr. Account Manager
W.W. GRAINGER  -  Robbinsville, NJ - 2004 to 2008

Managed  366  accounts  for  W.W.  Grainger  generating  $2.9M  in  revenue  for  commercial,  manufacturing
and contractor segments. Managed SE division of Grainger (Alpharetta) Jan 2008 to head customer base
in  contracting  market  segment.  Managed  256  customer-base  accounts,  and  numerous  vendors.  Super-
user in SAP and other CRM's, and ARIBA purchasing systems. Supplied tech knowledge and training and
development of new hires and supported company directives for growth in contractor base market.
• Surpassed account goals expectation of 100% with total growth ending 117.4%.
• Successfully headed NYC market with highest V% 2004-2007.
• Achieved 110.3% growth success rate in new business acquisitions.

Sales accommodation awards
W.W. GRAINGER - 2004 to 2007

2004-2008

W.W. GRAINGER - 2004 to 2007

-2007

Sr. Tech Sales Associate
ROHM & HAAS Co - 1999 to 2004

Represented  Company  in  gaining  major  customer  accounts  by  technical  experimentation  and  formulation
of  products  and  product  pricing.  Organized  outside  contract  services.  Procured  operational  assets  and
accounting for sales tech service and research department accounts. Managed the ERP system for Sales Tech
Team. Serviced field sales representatives in NAR sector. Targeted potential clients for sales. Formulated
products to meet customer satisfaction, performed demonstrations. Worked closely with Marketing Teams and
ERP Teams, and EHS Safety Councils.
• Played key role in increasing company earnings by 18%.
•  Co-authored,  "Synthesis  and  Characterization  of  Mixed  metal  Oxide  Catalysts  for  Propane  Selective
Oxidation" patent.
• Recipient of numerous Rohm Haas Company and Departmental awards.

ROHM & HAAS Co - 1988 to 1999

Operated Gas Chromatography equipment. Conducted the Nuclear Magnetic Resonance to split and identify
carbon molecules. Identified chemical impurities using the Infrared Molecular counter. Simulated for research
and customer base experimentation, ensuring the marketing ability of said products. Highly skilled in HPLC,
GC, IR and NMR operation. Proficient -other testing equipment.

Monomers Research Tech R&D - 1987 to 1987

1987)
Performed recovery of acryl ate /alcohol values from High Temperature Separation/Esters streams. Worked
with the patent department on the preparation and publication of a "Research Disclosure" for anti-sedimentation
agents.

EDUCATION

Business Organization
University of Phoenix

Liberal Arts/Sciences
Rider University

SKILLS

Computers, Lotus Notes, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, HTML, Access, SAP, Oracle, Ariba, Mini-Tab and ERP
systems. Semi-Proficient Spanish.

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/pub/clayton-long-jr/25/822/701

