Daniel Herzog

Materials Engineer

Media, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Daniel-Herzog/d77f66a6113bf2af

Nineteen  years  hands-on  experience  solving  problems  as  a  Materials  Design,  Process  and  Technical
Engineer. Two years experience as a Project Engineer for refractories manufacturers. Four years experience
as a nuclear power plant operator, Machinist Mate and Laboratory Technician.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Applications Engineer III, PC&P
GREENE, TWEED & CO  -  Kulpsville, PA - 2011 to 2013

Greene,  Tweed  manufactures  elastomeric  and  thermoplastic  sealing  systems  for  large  commercial
companies.
Lead the testing and qualification of CeraComp®, a novel new polymer derived ceramic matrix composite.
•  Anecdotal  dimensional  measurements  of  cylindrical  shapes  indicated  that  dimensional  changes  of
components could occur beyond tolerance allowances. Developed, authored and implemented testing to verify
the existence of dimensional stability of the material. After verification of the problem, devised a method to
eliminate the change, verifying the technique with additional testing.
• Coordinated internal bearing, chemical and mechanical testing and external mechanical and thermal testing.
This testing developed an understanding of the properties of CeraComp that previously were unknown.
• Authored pre and post test procedural documentation.
• Analyzed internal laboratory test data and external field and laboratory test data, including authoring and
publishing final test reports.

Project Engineer (Temp.)
SIEMENS WATER TECHNOLOGIES, INC  -  Vineland, NJ - 2010 to 2011

Siemens Water Technologies manufactures water treatment equipment for municipalities, commercial entities
and residential use.
• Developed a document merge system for creating customer Operation and Maintenance Manuals.

Administration Clerk
UNITED STATES CENSUS  -  Folcroft, PA - 2010 to 2010

Performed routine tasks required in the collection, control, review, processing, and reporting of personnel and
payroll data for employees.

Process Engineer
M CUBED TECHNOLOGIES, INC  -  Newark, DE - 2001 to 2009

M  Cubed  is  a  manufacturer  and  developer  of  composite  body  and  vehicle  armor,  industrial  component
structures and wear resistant materials.
Maintained, developed and troubleshooted composite production processes. Designed and installed custom
fixtures  and  processing  equipment  for  manufacturing.  Developed  procedures  and  documentation  systems
for  manufacturing  and  trained  plant  personnel  on  their  implementation  and  use.  Designed,  developed
and  manufactured  custom  mold  tooling  for  large  monolithic  composite  bodies  and  smaller  ballistic  armor
applications. Developed composite materials for wear applications.
• Along with the rest of the Engineering Group improved the overall yield of the ESAPI production process by
15% using Statistical Process Control (SPC) methods.

• Designed, specified, sourced and installed a water delivery system for large ball mill batches that eliminated
100% of the production losses from inaccurate water additions.
• Developed, coordinated and controlled a production process to make up to 40 rubber molds per day for the
casting of the composite ESAPI green bodies which accelerated composite production by up to two months
ensuring a quicker delivery of ballistic armor to field troops.
•  Developed  the  initial  composite  materials  used  for  the  production  of  wear  resistant  ceramic  composite
materials. This material in a revised form is used for 100% of the products produced for the wear market.
• Designed and sourced the manufacture of a drilling jig used to accurately position green machined holes in a
seat form green body. The jig eliminated an approximate 25% reject rate of seat forms due to hole placement
and improved the overall delivery rate and quality of the finished seat parts.
• Developed a mechanical method of preparing a multi mold tooling setup for casting ballistic armor tiles. This
production tool was developed as a completely new method of safely and efficiently handling mold tools. No
previous process method existed for this process step.
• Maintained relationships with tooling suppliers to improve the on-time-delivery and quality of incoming tooling
systems and patterns.

Technical Service Engineer
RESCO PRODUCTS, INC  -  Norristown, PA - 2000 to 2001

Resco Products is a designer and manufacturer of monolithic and brick refractories.
Designed, recommended and coordinated refractory placement in Industrial applications utilizing refractory
monolithic and brick materials. Provided sales, field and customer technical support.
• Developed a computerized sales customer database system in Microsoft Excel which enabled the sales force
to coordinate the material needs and supplies to customers.

Project Engineer
PREMIER REFRACTORIES  -  King of Prussia, PA - 1998 to 2000

Premier Refractories was a manufacturer and designer of monolithic, brick and fibrous refractories.
Designed,  recommended,  coordinated  and  tracked  refractory  placement  in  Industrial  applications  utilizing
refractory  monolithic,  brick  and  ceramic  fiber  materials.  Prepared  detailed  quotation  proposals  including
material pricing, shipment costs and material data for customers. Engineered and recommended the placement
of fire protective Pyroscat® FP Duct Wrap systems. Provided sales, field and customer technical support.

Applications Engineer
ALANX WEAR SOLUTIONS, INC  -  Newark, DE - 1988 to 1997

Alanx Wear Solutions was a manufacturer and material designer of wear resistant materials.
Supervised  up  to  four  Technical  Engineers,  two  Technicians  and  one  Draftsperson  in  the  application  and
design of Lanxide DIMOX® materials for use in industrial wear applications. Managed process control, process
development, process improvement and product development.
Transferred  the  Lanxide  DIMOX®  technology  from  the  laboratory  to  a  production  setting.  Improved  and
developed new materials and processes for the Alanx line of wear resistant ceramic composites. Provided
technical  expertise  and  support  to  the  Marketing  and  Sales  Department,  including  field  calls  and  training,
especially in the areas of pumps and valves.
• Established a computerized drawing, revision, OEM drawing control, and cross reference database system,
which previously did not exist, that supplied a controlled means of creating and tracking drawings generated
for customers.
•  Designed,  developed  and  manufactured  multi-component  silicone  rubber  molds  for  the  composite  green
bodies which increased production availability by 50%.
• Developed Alanx 2K+ Ceramic/Metal Composite material that was used for 75% of the product manufactured
for the wear market.

Nuclear Machinist Mate First Class, Engineering Laboratory Technician
UNITED STATES NAVY  -  New London, CT - 1978 to 1984

SSN 650 (decommissioned), New London, Connecticut
Nuclear Machinist Mate First Class, Engineering Laboratory Technician - 1978 to 1984
Maintained and monitored the chemistry and radiology of the Primary and Secondary Plants. Operated and
maintained the primary nuclear, secondary steam propulsion systems and auxiliary systems.
• Qualified up to the Engine Room Supervisor watch station, supervising three subordinate watch stations and
directed the operation of the propulsion systems.
• My maintenance of the Primary Discharge Log, the Radiac Calibration Program and the Personal Dosimetry
system  resulted  in  grades  of  "above  average"  in  separate  ship  ORSE's  (Operational  Reactor  Safeguard
Exams).
• Awards and Commendations include a Meritorious Unit Commendation from the Secretary of the Navy, two
awards of the Engineering Red "E", a Letter of Commendation from the Commanding Officer of the U.S.S.
Pargo, one award of the Good Conduct Medal, a Sea Service Deployment Ribbon, and a Navy Expeditionary
Medal.

EDUCATION

BS in Ceramic Engineering
Rutgers College of Engineering - Piscataway, NJ

SKILLS

Kubotek KeyCreator CAD Software, Dassault Systemes Solidworks CAD Software

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/in/danielherzog

