David Winner

Engineer/Scientist - Boeing

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Winner/03e35424885f6f3e

Over sixteen years of experience as a Systems Engineer dedicated to delivering systems safety engineering
for various aerospace and defense programs. Wide knowledge of safety requirements and procedures for
hazard and failure modes analyses. Independently driven with a confirmed commitment to work effectively in
a team environment using excellent analytical, organizational, and technical skills.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Engineer/Scientist
Boeing  -  Ridley Park, PA - March 2010 to Present

• Identify and interpret essential safety design criteria for all hardware and software systems and subsystem
requirements applicable to the Chinook Helicopter programs, both foreign and US Army. Delivered all safety
products on time, on schedule and under budget.

• Products developed include, Preliminary System Safety Assessments (PSSAs) Functional Hazard Analysis
(FHA),  Subsystem  Hazard  Analysis  (SHA),  Safety  Assessment  Reports  (SAR),  System  Safety  Risk
Assessments (SSRAs), System Safety Program Plans (SSPP), and Operational and Support Hazard Analysis
(O&SHA). Challenges included delivery to multiple US and foreign customers, problem solved by upgrading
safety process with safety and R&M team to produce deliverables meeting all customer requirements.

• To meet customer needs presently identify and evaluate electrical, mechanical, and software hazards, using
MIL-STD 882E, DO-178B, SAE ARP 4761 and 4754A which also develop Systems Safety Engineering (SSE)
requirements, for hardware and software to favored customer configuration.

• Participate in Integrated Product Teams (IPTs) meetings, design reviews, change board meetings as required
to coordinate the proper hazard classification to be maintained in the hazard tracking database.

• Contribute in Technical Interchange Meetings (TIM), Program Management Meetings (PMM), and Production
Readiness Reviews (PRR) to evaluate the safety impact of alternatives, provide safety requirements and data.

• Develop reliability and maintainability product such as Failure Modes Effects and Criticality Analysis (FMEA),
to determine the risks for system/subsystems and identify necessary hardware and software design controls.

•  Provide  safety  requirements  for  inclusion  in  subcontractors/supplier’s  Statement  of  Work  (SOW)  source
control documents, supplier data sheets, and specifications. Develop safety documentation for test, preflight,
flight and maintenance activities, including the review and approval of test/demonstration plans, procedures,
drawings, and specifications for compliance with identified safety requirements. 

• Support test/demonstration operations and participate in readiness reviews. Monitor flight test and support
the flight test program. Participate in accident investigation and risk assessments. Review logistic support
analysis,  operating  and  maintenance  manuals  documentation  for  appropriate  severity  classification  and/or
inclusion of appropriate warnings, cautions, and/or notes.

Engineer/Scientist

Boeing  -  Huntsville, AL - June 2009 to March 2010

Huntsville AL, June 2009 - March 2010
Prepared hazard reports, documented verification and validation strategies of hardware and software for the
Upper Stage of the ARES rocket for the Constellation space exploration program in compliance with NASA
and MIL-STD requirements.
Performed  safety  analysis  as  required  by  supporting  engineering  Integrated  Design  Teams  (IDTs)  and
suppliers to maximize reliability, maintainability, human systems integration, and product assurance.

Engineer/Scientist
Boeing  -  Huntsville, AL - May 2008 to June 2009

Prepared  and  maintained  hazard  reports  in  accordance  with  MIL-STD  882,  including  preliminary  hazard
analysis, subsystem hazard analysis.
Coordinated  document  updates  and  GMD  program  changes  for  safety  impacts  and  made  recommended
changes with Integrated Product Teams (IPTs) and customers.
Prepared ground operational safety and facility safety data packages for the GMD program for Range safety.

Engineer/Scientist
Boeing  -  Houston, TX - March 2004 to May 2008

Assessed  risk  during  actual  flight  operations  of  all  vehicle  system,  subsystem  anomalies  and  evaluated
changes  to  operations  or  conditions  for  potential  increased  risk  in  support  of  Shuttle  Mission  Operations
Directorate (MOD).
Researched,  understood,  evaluated  and  interpreted  flight  rules,  operational  procedures,  flight  plans  and
system drawings in support of anomaly resolution. Used crew resource management, situational awareness
and best practices in console support to Shuttle operations team.
Tracked anomalies to closure, initiated studies and analysis to support testing of operational procedures and
solutions. Presented anomaly resolutions to vehicle engineering management.
Provided systems safety-engineering support to multiple Integrated Product Teams (IPTs) for the NASA Orbiter
program. Responsibilities included hardware and software hazard analysis such as risk assessments, Failure
Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), and fault tree development.
Prepared Orbiter hazard reports and FMEA/Critical Item Lists (CILs) as part of Columbia back to flight efforts.
Evaluated Orbiter Program Office program changes including change requests to Flight Rules, Flight Data
Files and Operational Maintenance Procedures and Launch Commit Criteria requirements for safety impact.
Prepared and presented findings and informational briefs to NASA/Boeing panels and boards

Systems Safety and Mission Assurance Engineer
International Space Station Program, United Space Alliance  -  Houston, TX - November 2001 to January
2004

Safety Operations and Integration lead for NASA launch packages for the International Space Station (ISS)
Safety and Mission Assurance/Program Risk Office.
Executed safety and quality assurance requirement flow downs and procedures to International Space Station
personnel.
Activities  included  risk  identification,  safety  management  and  quality  assurance  on  a  daily  basis  for
presentation to Launch Package Teams.
Supported  various  Space  Station  groups  through  technical  advice,  data  interpretation,  and  process
improvement for safety, quality and reliability functions.
Managed the NASA Quality Acceptance Data Package requirements document for the Defense and Contract
Management Agency (DCMA) report.

Safety Engineer

International Space Station Program, United Space Alliance  -  Houston, TX - April 1998 to September
2000

Vehicle and Mission Integration/Operations Offices Safety Review Panel (SRP) representative.
Performed system safety reviews of International Space Station (ISS) Safety Data Packages (SDPs) to verify
that all ISS and vehicle system interface hazards are identified and properly controlled and verified.
Coordinated closure of identified issues with technical community, the customer and provided engineering
support and consultation.

Safety Engineer
NASA/MIR Program, Lockheed Martin  -  Houston, TX - July 1996 to April 1998

Biomedical Hardware safety engineer, developed safety compliance documents for experiments in vacuum
and thermal chamber test readiness reviews.
NASA/MIR Lead Payload Safety Integration Engineer conducted flight acceptance tests, hardware audits and
technological assessments of the safety and reliability of payload hardware from system concept to all launch
phases.
Supported all test readiness and design reviews, inspected and audited flight hardware

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Aviation and Aeronautical Science
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, Worldwide Campus - Daytona Beach, FL
June 2009

Associate in Applied Science in Industrial Safety
San Jacinto College - Pasadena, TX
May 1998

Master of Science in Environmental Management
University of Houston-Clear Lake - Houston, TX
December 1996

B.A.
East Texas A&M. Commerce - Commerce, TX
1985

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

US Army […]

Active Secret Security Clearance […]

