David Shar

Process Engineer Assistant

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Shar/57635cc23f80f64c

Motivated professional experienced in production and petroleum engineering within the oil and gas industry.
Develop plans for the
completion  of  wells,  testing  and  construction  sites.  Interpret  and  process  data  and  supervise  crews  in
preparation and equipment
calibration.  Maintain  knowledge  and  skills  in  management/leadership,  communications,  and  organizational
operations and project
management.

• Superb analytical and problem solving skills • Adept at developing requirements and processing
• Innovative and independent-minded priority tasks
• Highly adaptive to different cultures and customs • Accustomed to managing team members and
• Demonstrated ability to coordinate and collaborate effectively carrying out tasks in a team environment
with peers to accomplish objectives
Willing to relocate: Anywhere

WORK EXPERIENCE

Process Engineer Assistant
Al-Rushaid Group - 2013 to 2013

Designed  gas  and  petrochemical  plants  and  provided  onsite  monitoring  during  the  construction  progress.
Designed tanks,
reactors, and heat exchangers using Aspen HYSYS and SuperPro. Ensured project timeline was maintained
and all equipment
installed correctly.
Process Engineer Assistant, Arabian Consulting Engineering Center; Alkobar City 2012
• Performed pipe stress analysis, various engineering calculations and field verifications. Primary focus was
to prevent the corrosion
caused by the high percentage of sulfur in oil and gas. Performed pipe stress analysis, engineering calculations
and field
verifications.

Process Engineer Assistant, Baker Oil Tools
Dhahran City - 2011 to 2011

Designed  Compressors  and  pumps  with  a  focus  area  to  design  a  combined  system  that  take  the  gas
compresses it and sends it to the pumps to meet the requirement for flow rate in pipes.

Process Engineer Assistant, Frank's Rawabi
Alkobar City - 2010 to 2010

Designed Heat Exchangers (shell and tube with consideration to the type of materials to go in the shell and
tube sides and the flow
rates.
• Analyzed and calculated capacity of energy that can be extracted per hour and how to maximize it with
lowering the cost of the equipment.

Process Engineer Assistant
Alkobar City - 2009 to 2009

Drilled oil and gas wells and ensured equipment on rig was in proper working condition.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering
University of Colorado - Boulder, CO
2014

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

KEY PROFICIENCIES

• Fluent in English and Arabic • Well Planning and Control • Proficient in computer
• Petroleum Production • Reservoir Engineering and programs including: Aspen
Engineering Fluid Flow HYSYS, SuperPro Designer,
• Natural Gas Engineering • PetroPhysics &Formation Datasheets, Matlab, Polymath,
• Improved Petroleum Recovery Evaluation MathCAD, Visio, Microsoft
Process • Site Assessment & Excel, Access, Word, and
• Risk Analysis and Property Remediation PowerPoint
Evaluation

