David Hernandez

Mechanical Engineer - Aspire Pharmaceuticals

Hamilton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Hernandez/0617e078e25c9c0c

• Certified Boiler Operator (BO LP Lice. # B- 143970) (Black seal)
• Associated degree Business Administration.
* 15 years progressively responsible experience in Maintenance Mechanic Engineer.
* Strong analytical and problem solving skills
* Working Knowledge of: health code, electrical code local mechanical codes.
* Microsoft Office, Excel, PowerPoint, , PC, Window 2007.
* Strong organizational skills and excellent interpersonal communication.
* Knowledge in cGMP & SOP.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Mechanical Engineer
Aspire Pharmaceuticals  -  Somerset, NJ - February 2014 to Present

Provides emergency/unscheduled repairs of production equipment during production and performs scheduled
maintenance repairs of production equipment during machine service. Prepares and sets up machinery for
scheduled  production  runs.•  Performs  mechanic  skills  including,  but  not  limited  to,  mechanical,  electrical,
pneumatic  and  hydraulic  troubleshooting  and  repair  of  packaging  and  production  machines.•  Reads  and
interprets equipment manuals and work orders to perform required maintenance and service.• Comply with
OSHA safety and health rules. Feb.2014 - Present

Bookkeeper and Teacher
Pentecostal Assembly of God, Department of Education Bible Institute  -  Trenton, NJ - 2000 to Present

Maintain  all  financial  reports.  Make  deposit  and  withdrawals.  Maintain  accounts  of  checks  and  balances.
Prepare monthly budget. Prepare reports of bank reconciliation. Maintain semester grade report of 60 students.
Verify information on new students. Teach Christian Counseling, and Theology course.

Weatherization Technician
Isles E-4. Inc - July 2011 to 2013

Insulating and weathering existing homes to improve energy efficiency. Replaced window, door, air sealing,
replaced  light  bulb,  CO,  installing  other  insulation  material.  (Weather-stripping,  vents,  caulking,  hot  water
blankets, pipe insulation, storm doors).

Maintained Engineer
The Westin Princeton  -  Princeton, NJ - February 2004 to July 2011

Maintaining  and  record  daily  reports.  Maintain  reports  on  Boilers  temperature,  chillers  and  domestics'  hot
water. Repair electric, plumbing, construction, and leaks of the premises. Manage temperatures trough the
use of computers. Manage the use of the building internet.

Supervisor
Allan Industries Inc  -  Rockaway, NJ - 1998 to 2000

Supervised and managed productivity of 13 employees'. Maintain an Inventory of cleaning supplies. Recorded
and input employee's payroll. Interview and verify job applications of new hires.

EDUCATION

Associated in Business Administration
Spanish Easter Bible Institute of The General Council of Assemblies God - Springfield, MO

