David Smith

Project Engineer at Robinson Community Builders Inc

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Smith/34d6637d7b2b8c99

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Engineer
Robinson Community Builders Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2005 to Present

19132

Working  as  contracts  Project  Electrical  Engineer  for  Robinson  Community  Builders  Inc.  Engineering
Consultants, Projects Electrical Engineer on Cecil Co. Mental Health Facilities power, lighting, Fire detection
and Control systems. Designed customer owned substation 34.5 KV substation complete from land acquisition
to  station  layout,  grounding,  equipment  pads,  specification  of  equipment,  purchasing  construction  and
installation.

Working as a Project Engineer Bidding Contracts From local City Government and private market. Established
Community  Based  Nonprofit  organization  to  provide  Job  training  &  Placement  opportunities  for  under
privileged  persons.  Providing  education  and  training  in  Carpentry,  Plumbing  Electrical,  Masonry  etc.  Then
Provided  hands  on  training  to  those  same  persons  by  acquiring  local  construction  contracts  to  provide
professional services, Drawing, Engineering, Estimating Take offs, Site Visits, Customer Relations, Permits,
Zoning, Scheduling, Project Compliance State/Local Codes. Worked as a Proposal Writer funding Non-Profit
Programs, Low to Moderate Family Housing Projects. Empowerment - Hub Zone Program Grants low Income
Community Based Housing and Commercial Construction Services. Project sizes ranged from Residential
$140k Renovations to$4.7Million Multi-Dwellings - New Construction Range $210K Residential - 4.5 Million
Commercial there are at times 12-20 Projects operating Simultaneously. I also Estimate, Bid and Manage
Demolition Projects $220k- $700.00k Residential.

Electrical Engineer
Dynamic Science Test Inc  -  Dallastown, PA - July 1999 to April 2005

Responsible  for  Electrical  Designs  in  conjunction  with  Mobil  Shelter  Systems  construction  &  Operation.
Worked on Government Contracts Restoring WW2 Rapid deployment systems. New design & upgrades to
Electrical Power, Lighting and Control Systems Design and Wiring. Testing, Trouble Shooting, Worked as
Project Electrical Engineer on Government and Contractor Engineering Programs to determine scope of Work,
Cost Estimating, Bid Selection. After acquisition of the contract, managed project startup scheduling, budget
tracking, and Equipment Materials acquisition. Projects consist of surveillance vehicle design and construction
to utilize quick conversions hook up to mobile microwave satellite devices.

Responsible  for  the  Electrical  Engineering  operation  and  Maintenance  of  all  Electro  Mechanical  facility
equipment.  Also  Project  Manager  of  military  programs  Rapid  Deployment  parachute  design  drier  Re-
engineering & Construction. Projects Ranged in Scope from $4 Million - $140 million, Design, Engineering
Construction & Start up Testing and Management.

Substation Engineer
Baltimore Gas & Electric Co  -  Baltimore, MD - March 1996 to June 1999

21213

Responsible  For  34.5  KV.  -  500  KV  Substation  Design,  Double  Ended  Station  Layout,  Site  Development/
Equipment  Pads,  Equipment  Specification  &  Selection,  Transformers,  Switch  /Gear,  PT's-CT's,  Metering,
S.C.A.D.A  Controls-Relaying,  Circuit  Switchers,  Arrestors,  ETC.  Responsible  for  coordinating  Substation
Transmission line Entering & Exiting the Station Layouts, Switch Gear Line intercepts, Arial Photography for
line layout planning. Civil Engineering Coordination for Tower Locations Planning, Zoning, Permits Planning,
Subcontractors Contract Writing etc. Managed, Monument St. Double Ended Station, Perryman, White Marsh,
and other station Design projects, Projects ranging in scope for Six-Eighteen Million Dollars per station Retrofits
and New Station design Range $15M-$236 Million Dollars Project Budgets.

Land acquisition, right of ways permits/Zoning environmental, Legal, Engineering, Construction test, start up of
all Substation Program issues/Concerns. Used Primavera Project Planner/Scheduler and Means Estimating
tech  tools.  Transmission  Projects  10335  kcmil.  Transmission  Line  Distribution  Systems,  local  over  head
main feeder distribution. Worked Northern Ring Program as project Substation Engineering design, Estimator
Coordinator, Planning all new 230 KV - 500 KV upgrades around the state of MD. Coordination of all Substation
feeder entry at 500 KV new, Substation upgrades, Capacitor Racks, Switch Gear, Control Center Upgrade,
Tie Breakers, Arrestors, Grounding systems, Etc. Worked as The firm Liaison on NFPA-30 (Under Ground
Fuel Storage) & PCB Hazardous Waste removal/Disposal.
Wetlands Environmental Advisor

Electrical Engineer
N.A.S.A Northrop Services Inc  -  Greenbelt, MD - March 1986 to May 1996

Goddard Space Fight Center

Worked  With  Space  Simulation  and  Support  Team  in  Vacuum  Technology  Electrical  Design.  Design  of
Electrical Vacuum Systems Controls, Cables, Power & Lighting.
Worked  to  support  of  (7)  Mechanical  Engineers  with  Electrical  Engineering  designs,  Specifications  &
Installations on N.A.S.A Space Programs and Support Programs.
Worked On C.O.B.E Project 250 Million Dollar Project Budget Design Engineering, Fabrication Testing-Start
Up. COBE Space Craft design to confirm Big Bang through Collection of Cosmic Dust Via Robotic Armatures
while orbiting in the cold region of space. Worked as Lead Engineer on FIRAS- Infrared Scanning Systems.
$400 million Program Budget, Electrical Budget $110 Million Electrical Design, Test, Fabrication
Worked on DIRBE, All Electrical design were to be test in Vacuum Systems for Ultra Low Temperatures 2
Degree K. Electrical Design of Library of Congress Book Preservation Program. 2.3 Million to Experiment with
Chemical Di ethyl Zinc to be used under Vacuum to Restore the life of Paper Product(Books). Project Electrical
Planning, Design, Control of Vacuum operations, Pumps, motors, Control Cables design fabrication With Test,
Operation Maintenance Procedural Manual created as a result of this experimental Process. Di ethyl Zinc
Book Preservation Project. FIRAS-DIRBE electrical control design. Supported all Building Systems Electrical
Design. Special Projects Design. Classified Document Clearance.

Worked on Space Station Satellite Recovery Program to Design Robotic Armature to perform in Flight Repair.
Design of Electrical control system including Control Cables
Power, Bay Lighting design, Fabrication installation & Start up

Worked as substation design and construction Engineer 34.5-230kv substation One Line Diagrams Control
Drawings  -  Relaying  Trip  time  set  -  bus  protection  and  Control  center  specifications,  Scheduling  planning
switch gear lighting protection transformer specs.etc/

EDUCATION

Master in Engineering Management (Incomplete)
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
January 1986 to January 1988

BSEE in Electrical Engineering Power Distribution/Controls
Capitol Institute of Technology - Kensington, MD
January 1979 to January 1983

SKILLS

Studied Advanced Electrical Engineering design through Mathematics physics and science

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: Us Coast Guard
Rank: 0-1 Ensign
March 1983 to March 1984

CERTIFICATIONS

NFPA-30 Under groud fuel storage
Design and Compliance Verification under ground fuel storage tanks Testing Cathodic protection

Mil-std 705b 6081a
Generator test Certification - Railroad impact- over voltage-over frequency-Vibrations-Humidity

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Job Qualifications:

• Four Year Electrical Engineering, BSEE. Capitol Institute of Technology 1983 Power-Control systems. Drexel
University Engineering 1986 incomplete Masters Engineering Management.

•  Twelve  Yrs,  Experience  Design,  Management  &  Estimating  Projects  Federal  Aviations  Administration
Substation Engineer. Double ended customer owned stations, Tie breaker-transfer switching, control center,
metering, grounding systems etc. Eugene Hidalgo Supervisor

• Baltimore gas & Electric Lexington & Liberty St. Baltimore Md. 21213
8-10 Yrs. estimating, design & Construction Coordination start up Test of Transmission Power Distribution
systems 34.5 KV - 750 KV systems. Station layout, Material Specifications purchase, NFPA 30 reg. certified
Northern Ring Substations UP Grade […]

• Excellent Interpersonal Skill / Coordination of various Depts. Efforts for completed plans, Proposals, Budget
Estimates Etc. equipment test-delivery

• Ability to take off scale Drawing, get subcontractor Estimates, Manufacturing Estimates, Fabrications, Labor
Materials Professional Services, design Engineering, Legal, Environmental, Land Acquisition, Zoning, Permits
etc.

