Dhaval Desai

PROJECT ENGINEER - CG POWER SOLUTIONS INC

Norristown, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dhaval-Desai/ac06f35039eeb9de

WORK EXPERIENCE

PROJECT ENGINEER
CG POWER SOLUTIONS INC  -  Collegeville, PA - 2011 to Present

o Managing & designing multiple transmission & distribution rebuild and upgrade projects ranging from 69kV
to 500kV.
o Actively involved in estimating, scheduling and budgeting T-line projects. Generating office study estimates
of substations for various utilities.
o Structural design and evaluation of the transmission line structures utilizing PLS Tower, PLS Pole, RISA
& MathCAD.
o Proficient in T-line design using PLS-CADD. Engineered & designed the multiple T-Line rebuild & upgrade
project. Engineered multiple conductor temperature and tension verification projects with SAG Coordination
& galloping issues.
o  Foundation  design  and  evaluation  of  transmission  line  structures  using  finite  element  based  software  &
MathCAD. Hands on experience with grillage foundation design.
o Experience in writing the technical specification for structural steel & concrete.
o Structural design and evaluation of microwave & communication towers using TIA codes.
o Assisting lead to develop the schematic layout for substation structures using electrical layout.
o Performing structural analysis & design of dead end structures, switch stands, terminator structure stands,
rigid bus calculation, etc.
o Engineering and preparing "Preliminary Engineering Package" of substations up to 230kV for permitting &
licensing. Also, involved with GIS layout and conceptual design in existing AIS yard.
o Familiar with NESC, IEEE, NEMA criteria.

PROJECT ENGINEER
ANS CONSULTANTS  -  South Plainfield, NJ - 2009 to 2011

o Engineered & inspected multiple transmission line projects ranging from 13kV to 230kV.
o Experienced in designing & inspecting various challenging foundations on a complex soil conditions and
space limitations.
o In charge for the transmission line foundation inspection team, where my role was to look after the drilled
shaft design & monitor the construction activities.
o  Engineering  restoration  work  for  230kV  transmission  line;  including  foundation  specification  book,  line
construction book and the ordering/expediting of long lead material.
o Engineered Line Reconductoring & Rebuilding projects for 230kV line.
o Designed multiple OPGW upgrade projects specialized engineering tools and techniques to efficiently solve
the problems in the professional approach.

SUBSTATION DESIGN ENGINEER
DISTRAN LLC  -  Pineville, LA - 2009 to 2009

2009
o Site design for new substations and expansion of existing substations, 69kV to 230kV.
o Structural analysis and design of various substation equipments, box structures, dead end structures
etc. using RISA 3D and MathCAD templates.

o Foundation design and evaluation for new and existing substations using LPILE, MFAD and other FEM based
software or templates. Involved in SPCC design for transformers and site grading for effective site drainage.
o Performed rigid bus calculations.

DESIGN ENGINEER
Jacobs Engineering  -  Cincinnati, OH - 2006 to 2009

o Involved in structural analysis, modeling and design of industrial projects worth 600 million dollars with wind
and seismic analysis as per latest design Codes.
o Structural analysis of utility and manufacturing buildings with crane runways up to 200 tons.
o Analyzed load distribution to develop most effective and economic designs using latest design software's.
Involved in design and detailing of pipe racks, steel stairs, equipment skids, moment frames.
o Prepared design calculations for steel and concrete structures manually and using excel spreadsheets.
o Developed foundation layouts and drawings according to geotechnical reports and results.
o Engineered deep and shallow foundation designs including design of grade beams, slab on grades, base
plate & anchor bolt design.
o Assisted lead engineers for concept development, modifications and preparing proposals.
o Coordinated effectively with different engineering departments on the project to save effort & time. I was also
responsible for checking the contract drawings.
o Underwent training of engineering techniques and tools which gave an in depth understanding to handle
complex & challenging problems with ease and efficiency.

JUNIOR ENGINEER
JENKINS AND CHARLAND:  -  Fort Lauderdale, FL - February 2006 to August 2006

o Involved in design of commercial and institutional buildings up to 25 floors by the bayside.
o Performed load analysis for the foundation design.
o Structural design & evaluation of Post Tension slabs with design of transfer beams.
o Actively involved in commissioning process, including equipment testing, functional performance tests and
building integration of inter-related systems.
o Assisted the Construction manager in resolving construction issues involving architectural, civil, structural,
plumbing, electrical, and mechanical issues.
o Draft Field Directives and Field Orders for RCM approval where needed to expedite the work and document
direction given to contractor.
o  Conduct  daily  observation  of  construction  work  for  compliance  with  approved  contract  drawings,
specifications, Requests For Information (RFIs), Change Orders, and approved submittals and shop drawings.

EDUCATION

MASTER'S in STRUCTURAL ENGINEERING
Lamar University - Beaumont, TX
December 2005

BACHELORS OF ENGINEERING in CIVIL ENGINEERING
M.S University - Gujarat, IN
July 2004

DIPLOMA in CIVIL ENGINEERING
M.S University - Gujarat, IN
July 2000

SKILLS

• Transmission Line design, PLS CADD, PLS POLE & TOWER, L-PILE, MFAD, STAAD, MATHCAD, RISA,
ENERCALC, AUTOCAD, SAP2000, MICROSTATION, PRIMAVERA, MS PROJECT, RAM STEEL.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

QUALIFICATIONS PROFILE

Skilled Civil/Structural Engineer with over seven years of experience. Solid history of measurable
accomplishments and results. Professional and articulate, with strong project management and
technical expertise. Proven success in managing projects, schedules and budgets.

PROJECT WORK

•  Engineered  Re-Conductoring  &  Re-Routing  of  (230kV  &  115kV)  double  circuit  transmission  line  project
between Moses Switchyard and Dodge's field to support NYPA in meeting the New York ISO and NPCC criteria
for long term operational planning. Work includes, route selection, new structure spotting, lattice tower analysis
&  reinforcing,  Steel  pole  analysis,  foundation  design  (  drilled  shafts  ),  OHGW  upgrade,  damper  analysis,
stringing charts, planning drawings, As-built drawings & creating permit drawing packages and construction
support. NYPA, NY

• Engineered 6.2 miles of 69kV transmission line (with 13kV under built) rebuild & re-conductor project between
Rumble town & Petersburg sub, including structure spotting, structure & guy wires analysis for strength, OPGW
upgrade, damper analysis, stringing charts, planning drawings, As-built drawings & creating permit drawing
packages. DUKE ENERGY, IN

• Foundation design for the double circuit 230kV transmission line for Brunner Island project, which includes
design of drilled shafts & some special type of foundations in wetlands. PPL, PA

•  Communication  Tower  analysis  for  the  additional  antennas  with  tower  reinforcement  design.  Foundation
analysis of the existing foundation & economical redesign for the additional loads. NYPA NY

•  765kV  Vertical  reach  MOD's  replacement  for  New  York  Power  Authority.  Work  includes  preparing  the
technical specification for vendors, reviewing vendor bids. Review & redesign the bracing support configuration
for the new vertical reach MODs switch contact assemblies. Foundation & base plate design for new support
structures. Review & redesign the existing bus & bracing connections. NYPA, NY

• Engineered 7.6 miles of 69kV transmission line rebuild & re-conductor project between Marshfield Sub &
Flexel  Junction,  including  structure  spotting,  structure  &  guy  wires  analysis  for  strength,  OPGW  upgrade,
damper analysis, stringing charts, planning drawings, As-built drawings & creating permit drawing packages.
DUKE ENERGY, IN

•  Engineered  and  prepared  "Preliminary  Engineering  Package"  for  system  up  gradation  of  existing  26Kv
substation to 230Kv substation with high line tension & fault currents at Fairlawn Substation including design
of GIS building, site grading, steel structure & foundation design PSE&G, NJ

•  Engineered  and  prepared  "Preliminary  Engineering  Package"  for  system  up  gradation  of  existing  13Kv
substation to 69Kv substation with high line tension & fault currents Englewood & Teaneck Substation PSE&G,
NJ

• Lattice Tower analysis and design for electrical & communication towers with OPGW & Antennas. Stabilizing
the existing tower structures for up gradation. Foundation design for all kinds of towers & pole structures.
PSE&G, NJ

• Foundation design & field inspection of 230 kV Double circuit Transmission line project for PJM. NJ

• Restoration work on utility building which includes platform design, reinforcing existing roof truss to

accommodate additional equipments & monorail on roof, connection design, reinforcing existing
footings. Creating the MTO for steel & concrete structures. ConAgra

•  Foundation  design  for  the  manufacturing,  utility  buildings,  warehouse.  Foundation  design  includes
understanding of soil reports & deciding the type of foundations & design of all different kinds of foundations
i.e. Pile, mat, spread, Combined footings. Prepared calculations & drawings for the grade beams, piers &
foundations. The total project cost was around 600 million USD. Novartis Inc., Raleigh , NC

• Steel & Concrete analysis, modeling and design of manufacturing & utility buildings (under an observation
of Lead engineer. Wind & seismic analysis for all structural members using latest design software's for the
member optimization. Bolted & welding connection design for a moment & braced frames. Novartis Inc.

• Designed, analyzed & constructed the earthquake resistant structure with the number of straws considering
criteria of load taking capacity versus self weight of the structure. (IIT MUMBAI) 2003.

