Donald Louie

Responsible Engineer (LRE) - Industrial Staffing Services Incorporated

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Donald-Louie/b271db8d340b8f8e

WORK EXPERIENCE

Responsible Engineer (LRE)
Industrial Staffing Services Incorporated - 2013 to Present

Salem (2013 - Present)
Mr. Louie has been contracted to provide Project Engineering services to support Salem's
Electrical/I&C Design Engineering Branch. In this capacity he was assigned the position of Lead
Responsible Engineer (LRE) for major capital plant modification projects. This role involved a
clear understanding of the project scope and conceptual design in order to develop related
Request for Engineering Services (RES) to obtain Architectural Engineering (AE) services. This
included technical evaluation of AE Proposals/Task Orders and equipment supplier bids as part of the job
assignment. In addition his position required interfacing with various PSEG
departments such as Project management, System Engineering, Operations, I&C maintenance
etc. to support DCP development, equipment testing and conceptual/DCP scoping. He
periodically interfaced with field installation personnel was required to support modification
installation. He was responsible for DCP Owners acceptance review of AE developed DCP

Project Engineer
Instrumentation and Controls
deliverables.

Mr.  Louie  is  very  familiar  with  Salem's  DCP  process  and  has  the  experience  to  understand  the  complete
detailed DCP process from conception, scheduling, owner's review and closeout. His
years of experience he will provide added knowledge in nuclear electrical/I&C engineering,
Environmental and 1E equipment qualification, instrument loop setpoint uncertainty calculations and some
experience in plant safe shutdown analysis/appendix R.

During his association with the nuclear power plant industry Mr. Louie has supported many plant
outages to support installation of modifications.

Mr. Louie has eighteen years of Project Engineering experience directly related to the Nuclear
Power Industry supporting modifications at multiple nuclear power plants in the northeast region of the United
States.

URS

Peach Bottom - 2012 to 2013

Mr. Louie was involved with preparation Document Change Packages (DCP) on various radiation
monitoring and Nuclear Instrumentation System (NIS) firmware upgrades. His role included
customer interfacing at various DCP stages.

System Responsible Engineer
Shaw Group - 2008 to 2012

New Build) (2008 - 2012)

System Cost Estimates
Mr. Louie has prepared cost estimates to support the development of various AP1000 BOP
systems. These cost estimates included development of detailed system scope specifications to obtaining
vendor quotations for wire and concrete of a complete AP1000 power plant.

System Responsible Engineer
Assigned as Responsible Engineer to design and procure the secondary side chemical treatment
system. Activities included design (controls and mechanical) of chemical feed skids for
Feedwater, Service water, secondary side Steam Generators, Condensate , Demineralized
Water and Aux Steam systems.

Mr.  Louie  designed  chemical  feed  system  (CFS)  to  incorporate  latest  technical  developments  in  chemical
treatment industry.

Developed chemical feed system procurement specification including interfacing with chemical
feed skid vendors and supported all aspects of the procurement process through procurement
award.
Generated design change packages (DCPs) for ongoing development of the Chemical Feed
System.

Project Engineer
Instrumentation and Controls
Mr. Louie has developed chemical feed system requirements for interfacing disciplines
(electrical, controls, piping/supports and procurement).

He was responsible for updating and maintenance of Chemical Feed System schedule and other
group system schedules.

Savannah River MOX Project
Mr. Louie has developed Instrument index and instrument data sheets for various MOX systems.
This included review of system P&IDs, and incorporation of outstanding engineering change
notices (ECRs).

Reviewed safety related instrument requirements.

Intools software program was used to develop and maintain instrument index and instrument
data sheets.

Mr. Louie is presently working on the AP1000 nuclear new built project. He is currently assigned to the I&C
group developing and maintaining instrumentation calculations associated to the
Auxiliary Steam System and Turbine Island Chemical Feed System. Previous to this he was
assigned Responsible Engineer duties for the Turbine Island Chemical Feed System.

Sargent & Lundy
As Project Associate, Mr. Louie is responsible for preparing modification packages, installation
support, and setpoint calculations.

Dominion - 2007 to 2008

Mr. Louie has been involved with developing the generic Instrument & Controls Design
Specification for all Plant instrumentation at North Anna and Surry stations. This specification
provides design requirements for the development of instrument specifications of new
replacement instrumentation. The specification provides regulatory guidelines, industry
standards and plant specific standards that are required for procurement of replacement analog
instrumentation, digital instrumentation, programmable computers and various other
instrumentation that required to support plant systems.

Project Engineer
Salem & Hope - August 2006 to 2007

for preparation of modification packages to support facilities projects at Salem and Hope creek.

Project Engineer
NuStart Energy - 2006 to August 2006

2006 - August 2006)
Mr. Louie developed technical sections of the generic Request for Quote (RFP) for NuStart
Energy a consortium for new nuclear energy development. He was directly involved with preparation of the
Human Factors Engineering, section 18 for the procurement of the
Westinghouse AP-1000 and General Electric ESBWS generation of new nuclear power plants.
This section specifies the Regulatory guidelines, associated industrial standards and Utility

Project Engineer
Instrumentation and Controls
Requirements Document (URD) items that are required for Human Factors Engineering
compliance. Requirements for implementation of Human Factors Engineering in the Control
Room, Emergency Support Facilities and all sections of the plant were specified. A complete
management structure, functional analysis and verification process was specified. He also provided review
support for RFP Instrument & Controls and Electrical sections.

Salem & Hope - 2005 to 2006

Mr. Louie provided Instrument & Controls engineering support for radiation monitoring, SAC and various other
modification packages. In addition, he was involved with preparation of fire
protection combustible loading analysis for various areas of the plant.

Mr. Louie provided Project Management services
Indian Point Energy Center - 2000 to 2004

for Reactor Coolant system RTD replacement,
Plant Computer multiplexing of Main Generator thermocouples and various facility projects. In
addition, he supported Unit 2 refueling bridge modifications with field engineering during outage
installation, and facilitated project closure of all modification package documentation.

United Engineers & Constructors - 1992 to 2000

Mr. Louie was responsible for the dispositioning of Non-Conformance Reports (NCR) and
Equivalent Change Request (ECR). This work involved assessment of the plant/system
conditions and determines if the non-conformance will impact the plant/system operability. In
addition,  he  evaluated,  approved  and  replaced  instrumentation  for  various  safety-related  and  non-safety
related plant/system applications. Mr. Louie's responsibilities also involve the
replacement of analog instruments to digital upgrades (HPCI and RCIC Flow Controllers),
electromagnetic interference mapping/testing of various plant locations and instrument drift

analysis using a custom computer program to support a 24-month fuel cycle study.

Salem Plant - November 1991 to January 1992

His responsibilities involved designing and estimating plant/system upgrades.

Project Engineer
Savannah River Site - November 1988 to October 1991

Project - Reactors K, L and P (11/1988 to 10/1991)

Mr. Louie designed (partial) and was responsible for development of Safety-Related Level and
Temperature  Monitoring  (related  to  the  Cooling  Water  of  the  Reactor  Tank),  implemented  on  the  reactor
vessels (three reactors) at Savannah River Site.

Mr. Louie was responsible for Reactor Tank Instrumentation and the following procedures:

• Quality Inspection Plans: This document involved establishing quality assurance criteria for inspection of
subject systems.

•  Design  Process  Hazards  Report:  This  document  involved  evaluation  of  all  possible  hazards  and
consequences that may result from failure of the subject systems.

Project Engineer
Instrumentation and Controls
• Equipment Specifications: These specifications involved equipment criteria, testing, seismic
qualification, environmental qualification and vendor document evaluation.

• Construction Drawings: The responsibilities entailed supervision, review and comments,
interface and coordination between disciplines and client, resolution of in-house and client
comments, issuance and final "as-designed" drawings.

• Cost and Manpower Estimates: This involved estimating labor and equipment cost with required manpower
to product overall deliverables and closeout the Project.

Mr. Louie designed and was responsible for the Instrumentation and Controls effort related to the "Reactor
Fast Shutdown System" project as follows:

• Conceptual Design: This involved development of preliminary design concepts for the primary shutdown
system of the nuclear reactor in the event of a loss of cooling water
accident.

• Mr. Louie designed and was responsible for the Instrumentation and Controls (safety- related) effort related
to the "Improved Reactor Confinement System" project as follows:

•  This  document  described  in  detail  the  requirements  to  implement  modifications  to  the  reactor  cooling
water  basin  water  level  instrumentation,  process  room  spray  instrumentation  and  confinement  door  seal
instrumentation for the subject project for three reactors (K, L and P) at the Savannah River Site.

• Specifications: Mr. Louie was responsible for the writing of the following safety-related
(Class 1E) instrument specifications:

• Complete metal fabrication and wiring of the control room panel for the Process Room Spray
System

• Panel inserts for various Central Control Room panels

• Power supplies, bar graph indicators and miscellaneous lights for the Central Control Room
application.

• Pneumatic solenoid valves

• Transmitters (4-20 mA) for airflow and water level sensing

Project Engineer
Instrumentation and Controls

Susquehanna Station, Units 1 & 2

Mr. Louie performed replacement item equivalent evaluations for I&C related components. His
responsibilities included evaluation for electronic/mechanical/seismic specifications of new
electronic devices and their compatibilities as replacement items with existing plant equipment.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Electronic Physics
LaSalle University - Philadelphia, PA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

EXPERTISE
• Nuclear Project Engineer (Lead Engineer)
• Westinghouse AP1000 system design
• Development of Nuclear Modifications Packages
• Nuclear Digital/analog testing and control systems/equipment
• Engineering design of electronic systems and equipment

