Edward Marlinski

Senior Design Engineer

Lansdale, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Edward-Marlinski/3a430a31ae2d4f5f

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Design Engineer
Transicoil  -  Norristown, PA - June 1989 to September 2015

Senior Design Engineer, Transicoil (Norristown & Collegeville, PA) - June 1989 to September 2015 with a
transfer to Transicoil Medical for a NIH Contract period from 1995 to 1999

EDUCATION

Bachelor's
Rochester Institute of Technology

Physics
SUNY at Buffalo

SKILLS

Full time team member participating in finalizing the development of military and commercial systems (10+
years), Support marketing during conference calls and onsite visits at established and potentialcustomers in
the US and overseas. (10+ years), Author technical proposals, estimated schedules as well as qualification
and engineering costsfor contract bid. (10+ years), Track awarded contract costs to completion. (10+ years),
Interface with manufacturing engineering, assembly as well as sales and marketing to finalize bid cost
and bring project in on time and on budget. (10+ years), Solid model design including stress and dynamic
analysis with drawings and documentationrequired for production device fabrication. (10+ years)

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/in/edwardmarlinski

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: USAF
Rank: E5
HONORABLE DISCHARGE - VIETNAM ERA

CERTIFICATIONS

Pathology, Anatomy and Physiology, PSMT Ltd., Wayne PA.

GROUPS

Member, The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers

PATENTS

Controlled  epoxy  dispensing  technique  as  related  to  transistor  chip  bonding
(#3,933,187)

Method for bonding semiconductor chips (#3,963,551)

Device for shielding electromagnetic radiation (#4,931,625)

PUBLICATIONS

ASAIO Journal 1998, Durability Testing of Components for the Jarvik 2000 Completely
Implantable Axial Flow Left Ventricular Assist device.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Program Skills:
- Full time team member participating in finalizing the development of military and commercial
aerospace components including switch bezels, auto-pilot and airframe attitude controls,
actuators, night vision instrumentation displays, sensors and gauges in compliance with
customer requirements
- Support marketing during conference calls and onsite visits at established and potential
customers in the US and overseas.

Project Skills:
- Author technical proposals, estimated schedules as well as qualification and engineering costs
for contract bid.
- Track awarded contract costs to completion.
- Interface with manufacturing engineering, assembly as well as sales and marketing to finalize
bid cost and bring project in on time and on budget.

Design Skills:
- SolidWorks, Solid model design including stress and dynamic analysis with drawings and documentation
required for production device fabrication.

