Edward Crawford

Erdenheim, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Edward-Crawford/7fcc4104cb889e71

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Engineer
Life Cycle Engineering  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2007 to Present

Provide technical and programmatic engineering, systems analysis and operational technical assistance for
the Integrated Ship Control (ISC) Program Office at NSWCCD Philadelphia, PA. Oversee the ISC systems
life cycle engineering requirements on both in-service and modernization projects and initiatives. Functional
support includes program planning, project and financial reviews, technology assessments, data analyses,
and resolving program issues. Initiates dialogue and interface with key decision makers and program sponsors
and various technical subject matter experts.

Engineering Planner
Lockheed Martin  -  Moorsetown, NJ - January 2006 to June 2007

Provided new ship acquisition program engineering support of business development for the Littoral Combat
Ship (LCS) program. Prepared and coordinated plans and schedules for programs. Determined, monitored
and  reviewed  costs,  operational  budgets  and  schedules,  and  manpower  requirements  for  new  business
development  initiatives.  Supported  and  participated  in  negotiations  with  customers.  Developed  a  unique
maintenance strategy to address needs of a minimally manned vessel and pursued implementation of the
strategy. Analyzed effects of projects upon various areas such as Engineering, Facilities and the labor pool to
determine the most practical and cost efficient methods to obtain the required resources. Resolved proposal
preparation  problems  and  assesses  the  progress  against  established  plans  and  parameters.  Formulated
and  recommended  corrective  action  measures  such  as  schedule  revisions,  manpower  adjustments,  fund
allocations, and requirements.

Engineering Program Manager
Naval Ship Systems Engineering Station  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 1974 to October 2005

Provided technical and engineering services and operational assistance for Science and Technology (S&T)
Seabasing initiatives at the Office of Naval Research (ONR). Performed programmatic analyses, determined
system performance specifications, identified and resolved interface problems, developed requirements and
work statements, determined parameters, and resolved technical issues. Enabled Systems Engineering and
Integration  (SE&I)  methodology  for  new  technologies  integrated  with  legacy  systems.  Technical  support
included program/project planning, program/project/financial reviews, technology assessments, earned value
management  system  (EVMS)  analyses,  data  analyses,  and  program-specific  financial  issues.  Facilitated
dialogue and interface with key decision makers, sponsors and various technical subject matter experts.

Electronic Countermeasures Repairman
United States Air Force  -  Various - February 1970 to December 1973

Electronics Technician on avionics system

EDUCATION

Master of Education in Mathematics
Arcadia University - Glendale, CA
2005 to 2013

Master of Science in Electrical Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
September 2003

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
1974 to 1978

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Other Qualifications: EIT PA
DAWIA Systems Engineering Level Three Certified
Member ASME A17 Safety Committee

