Eric Lysiak

Doylestown, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Eric-Lysiak/d08a141837226cd7

WORK EXPERIENCE

Marine electrcial engineer manager
United States Navy, NAVSEA  -  Washington, DC - September 2009 to Present

Headquarters, Washington, DC, September 2009 ~ present
Electrical Engineering Senior Manager, Marine Engineering, Navy Technical Authority (NTA), Subject Matter
Expert (SME) 05Z32

Senior  member  of  the  Institute  of  Electric  &  Electronic  Engineers  /  Power  Engineering  Society  /  Insulated
Conductors Committee for medium and high voltage cable standards, along with all shipboard NEMA cable
committees. Review issues to determine risk and update internal construction & engineering specifications
and  standards,  including  work  instructions  and  test  requirements.  Address  real  time  issues  along  with
the evaluation and mitigation of electrical risks and contractual technical requirements for submarine Hull,
Mechanical  and  Electrical  (HM&E)  systems.  Identifying  relevant  emerging  technologies  across  the  Naval
enterprise to include solutions and initiation of corrective actions to technical problems as they arise. Manage
engineering development programs involving shipboard system modifications and configuration changes.

*  Presently  working  on  the  next  series  of  nuclear  carriers,  destroyers  and  submarines  (SUBSAFE).  My
responsibilities  include  acquisitions  reviews,  inspections  and  high  density  electrical  systems  (medium  and
high voltage along with high ampacity applications), including power distribution, nuclear generation, weapons
systems, radar and communications (RF) electronics, designs, installations logistics, testing and maintenance
requirements.

* Responsible for total ship power systems which includes; medium voltage cables, connector and splices,
along with related specifications and related instructions. Includes in-depth analyses, comprehensive analytical
evaluations research, development, test and evaluation, design, production, assembly production qualification
test  and  evaluation,  maintenance,  life  cycle  engineering  and  acquisition  of  all  related  ship  board  power
systems; this includes Naval Ships' Technical Manuals (NSTM) standards and specifications.

* Research and develop real time technical solutions to problems found during construction and operations
underway.
*  Instrumental  in  changing  the  Qualified  Product  List  (QPL)  requirements,  using  third  party  accredited
laboratories for the qualification of materials and products to reduce fraud and provide more accountability
of our vendors.
* Instrumental in providing maintenance guidance for medium voltage testing to ensure reliability using new
Very Low Frequency (VLF) dielectric testing, partial discharge, AC withstand and Doble (power factor) testing.

Private Consultant
Iberdrola Wind, Private Consulting - May 2009 to September 2009

Failure  mode  analysis  on  field  failures  for  wind  turbines  acquisitions  (electrical  systems  and  mechanical
components),  diagnosed  an  ongoing  power  generation  risk  and  provide  solutions  to  production  and  field
engineering services to prevent the condition in the future.

*  Performed  in-depth  analysis  and  comprehensive  analytical  electrical  evaluations  regarding;  acquisitions,
designs, inspection, test and evaluation, commission, operations, planning and maintenance of new and in
service power generation wind-turbines.

Standards Engineer, Transmission & Distribution Standards and Substations
Pennsylvania Power Light, System Maintenance  -  Allentown, PA - August 2006 to March 2009

Allentown, PA, August 2006/March 2009
Standards Engineer, Transmission & Distribution Standards and Substations; Systems Maintenance
Active  member  of  the  Institute  of  Electric  &  Electronic  Engineers/Power  Engineering  Society/Insulated
Conductors  Committee,  medium  and  high  voltage  standards,  along  with  an  appointed  member  of  the
Association of Edison Illuminating Companies - Cable Engineering Committee. Review and update internal
Construction & Engineering Specifications and Standards, including work instructions and test requirements.
*  Root  case  and  failure  mode  analysis,  Transmission  and  Distribution  safety,  hands  on  training  of  craft
personnel along with new designs for underground medium and high voltage power cables, connections and
coordination devices used within substations, acquisitions reviews.
Address electrical failures: identify their failure mode, review the designs and instructions to identify the source,
update drawings, instructions, installations, and training to ensure actions to prevent future installations and
design errors from occurring in the future.
* Wrote and implemented a mechanical engineering Connector Design criteria used to mathematically model
the connector, conductor and compression die combination, used to improve reliability. Add new technology to
reduce labor cost while increasing and maintaining a vast power system. For example, ShearBolt connectors
where  added  to  inventory  and  splice  kits,  reducing  the  direct  labor  costs  and  errors  cause  by  improperly
maintained equipment; improper dies, oil levels, incorrect die head tonnage damaged equipment, etc.
*  Use  Cyme  and  Etap  software  to  simulate  cable  ampacity  and  ICEA  Standards  to  calculate  short  circuit
currents to align cable designs to meet our Transmission and Distribution system fault duty requirements.
* Increase compression connector performance and reliability by aligning the connector to match our compact
conductor designs; this action increased ampacity, while reduce overheating and failures.
* Increase our primary metallic shield fault duty 275%, while reducing the direct and indirect overall cost by
$1000/reel. The new design increased safety while reducing the over cost of the equipment and the total overall
cost of the installation since an additional wire or cables did not have to be pulled. In some cases, I was told
by the electrical foremen that the additional cable/wire was not included because they forgot, making the new
design error free, a Pokie-Okie design.
* Reengineered the smaller sized conductor primary metallic shield from full neutral/phase to a 1/3 neutral/
phase resulting in an overall cost savings, while increasing the ampacity of the circuit.
* Model our larger conductors to meet our electrical systems fault duty requirements, while having a positive
impact on reducing our inventory and providing an easier installation, using a single contained design in place
of a separate neutral design.
* Argue the substation equipment fault duty side, addressing the Code of Federal Regulatory & Public Utilities
Commission request to improve reliability, (SAIDI and CAIDI) ensuring that low and high set relay setting stay
in place, removing the chance of relying on Time over Current (ToC) and burning up the smaller shield and
reducing the overall life cycle of the underground cables.

Product Engineer/Manager, Underground (URD) Medium & High Current
Thomas & Betts, Elastimold Division  -  Hackettstown, NJ - June 1998 to August 2006

Research, Development, Test & Evaluation Center), Hackettstown, NJ, June 1998 / August 2006
Product Engineer/Manager, Underground (URD) Medium & High Current/Voltage Transmission & Distribution;
connectors, dielectric materials and performance, cables and accessories, working knowledge of IEEE C57,
386, 404 & 48, ANSI C119.4, IEC 61238, ICEA & AEIC specifications.

Supervised  4  direct  reports  in  designing  and  delivering  high-voltage  underground  T&D  products.  Provide
electrical  training,  define  risk,  plan,  coordinate  and  manage  projects,  meet  with  customers  and  secures
contractors.  Provide  support  in  facilities  maintenance  for  an  (R&D)  center  along  with  operations  and
maintenance of a 230~15kV substation; which supports a momentary cell, a medium voltage loadbreak cell,
2 resonant test sets (600 & 300kV RTS) and a 1.2MV Marx impulse generator; medium and high voltage test
and evaluation.

* Updated all steel overheat doors to insulated, reducing the energy consumption. Updated R&D test lab HVAC
controls to automatically control temperature and humidity, implemented an overhead crane inspection system,
address facilities issues day to day operations. address deionization water systems problems and take actions
for future (decreasing down time, and maximizing high voltage testing), replace cinderblock and metal railing
to monolithic concrete pour and stainless steel railing.
* Ensure quality control and reliability through compliance to IEEE, IEC, NEC and ANSI Standards regarding
medium and high voltage applications and connections for URD cables, worldwide.
* Plan and coordinate a re-engineered (by design) 138kV transmission splice to meet the IEEE-404, IEC 60840
and customer requirements; exceeding the requirements. Developed a pressure profile device, used to confirm
the molded interface on all transmission splices before dielectric testing to the IEEE 404 standard. This test
maximized splice testing, while reducing man-hours for cable preparation.
*  Plan  and  implement  a  program  to  convert  all  bound  test  report  and  laboratory  note  books  into  a  PDF
searchable database. This cost savings allowed for quicker searches and sharing of data among all along with
instant access to all test reports to share with our customers.
*  Provide  continuous  support  to  my  staff,  encouraging  them  to  push  themselves  further  thru  advanced
education.

Project/Controls Engineer, Process
engineering consulting firm supplying services to Techneglas Inc  -  Pittston, PA - 1996 to 1998

automation designs and installation of very large conveyor feed servo driven production lines, total of 36 lines.
* Directed electrical projects valued up to $30 million that included overhaul/update product lines, and highly
refined process tracking technologies. This software allowed for statistical process control to be fine tuned in
order to meet the companies six sigma/lean requirements.
* Supervised electricians and up to 12 contractors to meet safety requirement and consistently deliver electrical
and facilities projects on time and within budget, meeting the National electrical code (NEC) specifications.
* Designed, installed and provided trouble shooting for Allen Bradley PLCs, inverter drives and fully automated
very large production lines, wrote and updated code as needed to improve manufacturability and safety related
issues.
* Identified the source of harmonics back feeding the transmission substation. Redesigned and updated the
invertors to include filters, chokes and motors with Class H insulation, power electronics.

EDUCATION

Power Engineering Villanova University - Villanova, PA
2006 to 2007

Doctors in Software Engineering
Penn State Great Valley
2004 to 2006

MSEE in Electrical Engineering
Penn State Great Valley
2001 to 2004

Electrical Engineering
Penn State University
1991 to 1996

Planning, Research
Defense Acquisition University - Washington, DC

Masters in Systems Engineering
Penn State Great Valley

