Ernest Bethrant

Senior Engineer - Art Guild, INC

New Castle, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ernest-Bethrant/c289a1900dec517c

To obtain a responsible and challenging position that will utilize my current expertise and fulfill my desire to
continue to achieve, contribute and succeed at the highest level in the industry that I work in.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Engineer
Art Guild, INC  -  West Deptford, NJ - November 2012 to Present

Responsibilities: Engineer and create 3D and 2D detail drawings using Solidworks and Auto Cad for creating
prototype and production of POP displays. During the development of prototypes and production, I will sit in on
kick off meetings. I will work with client representatives, venders, designers and project manager to develop
and manufacture very complex or simple POP fixtures in plastics, woods, fabrics and sheet metal parts and
assembly. I will research, select materials and hardware and also determined the best methods of fabrication.
My objective is to create a functioning product that is within budget and promotes the customers and designers
ideas.  I  also  engineer  for  safety  and  ease  of  fabrication.  I  prepare  bill  of  materials  (BOM)  and  instruction
drawings as required for assembling of fixtures. I also assist with hands on setup of displays when required.

Senior Designer/Engineer/Project Manager
Sho Aids, INC  -  Sharon Hill, PA - January 1999 to November 2012

Responsibilities: Create Design Concepts; prepare conceptual design presentation and construction drawings
for large custom exhibits, corporate interiors, point of purchase display and custom products. I report directly to
the president of show services and I work with a team of marketing, client representatives, venders and project
manager to develop and manufacture very complex design projects for exhibitors that attend conventions.
During production I work with a team of professionals to ensure that all creative concepts are turned into a
functioning project that is within budget and promotes the customers product as required in the industry. I also
prepare bill of materials, create purchase orders and coordinate special materials delivery and logistics. I keep
in constant communication with venders and subcontractors during production. I also manage the fabrication
of all exhibit projects from concept to completion with the vendor; subcontractors, and the shop foreman in the
manufacturing plant. Most of the time I work in a team environment with a sale staff, marketing representatives,
outside designers, purchasing agents and product supply managers to make sure all projects are completed
on time as schedule. Some other responsibility includes filing and managing the design and blueprint files,
keeping track of design supplies and new technology and I create cad standards and maintain the cad system.
During down time I research and develop knew products for creating better designs and solving manufacturing
issues to streamline the production process.

Senior Designer/Engineer
VISUAL COMMUNICATIONS, INC  -  Holmes, PA - September 1996 to January 1999

Responsibilities: Prepare design and construction drawings for large custom exhibits, corporate interiors, point
of purchase display and custom product and graphic kiosk. I have developed strong project management skills
with a strong knowledge of woods, metal and plastic. I prepare bill of materials, order and coordinate materials
and fixtures with subcontractors, coordinate and manage fabrication of all projects with shop foreman in the
manufacturing plant. During projects, I work in a team environment with a sale staff, designers, and purchasing
agent  to  make  sure  all  projects  are  100%  accurate  and  completed  on  time.  Other  responsibilities  include
managing the cad system and computers, and developing department-drawing standards. I have organize and

created a computer filing and management systems for drawings; and I have also developed list programs,
custom applications and train and assist junior designers with cad applications and problem solving solutions.

Head Designer/Engineer
PALKO MANAGEMENT CORP  -  Camden, NJ - September 1993 to August 1996

Responsibilities: As head designer/engineer, was responsible for designing, engineering and preparing Auto
Cad drawings for architectural millwork and custom wood, glass and metal fixtures, coordinating projects with
junior  draftsmen,  and  assisted  supervisor  with  finding  solutions  to  computer  and  drafting  problems.  I  also
prepared board drawings as required. Checked, revised and prepared shop drawings for cut-listing, log and
file incoming and outgoing correspondence and write RFI's as needed; included preparation of presentation
renderings for design proposals as needed and assisted designers with conceptual ideas.

Designer/Project Manager (Consultant)
FRANKLIN MINT, Franklin  -  Plaza, PA, US - January 1992 to September 1993

Responsibilities:  Project  coordinator  and  designer  of  museum  gift  shop  renovation.  Estimated,  designed,
engineered,  and  prepared  manufacturing  drawings,  attended  meetings  with  team  planners  and  client.  I
scheduled the completion of design drawings, shop drawings, ordered materials and fabrication of fixtures and
I also supervised all design and drafting assistants and coordinated project with the facilities manager, shop
foreman and subcontractors. Other duties included illustrating and designing of collectable products.

Design Detailer
TRADE IMAGES, INC  -  Bellmawr, NJ - July 1988 to January 1992

Responsibilities: Designed and engineered architectural millwork, promotional displays, and custom furniture.
I am responsible for preparing design, shop, and installation drawings; preparing material takeoffs, contacting
of clients, outside contractors, and vendors when required during production. Responsible for research and
development of new products, ideas and techniques for cost reduction and fabricating a better product.

Design Detailer
BERNHEIM SIEGAL COORPORATION  -  Beverly, NJ - November 1987 to July 1988

Responsibilities: Prepared shop drawings for the construction of showcase, back-islands and other various
store fixtures. Drawings also include floor plans and electrical layouts of store fixtures. Other responsibilities
included doing take-offs of materials and writing requisitions for purchasing. I was also in charge of mailing
drawings for approval, keeping stock of art and drafting supplies, and the blue print room.

Entry Level Designer
SCOTKO DESIGN GROUP - April 1987 to November 1987

Responsibilities:  Responsible  for  designing  architectural  exterior  signs  and  interior  displays,  preparing
conceptual  interior  perspective  drawings,  freehand  as  well  as  mechanical;  presentation  marker  and
prismacolor renderings; sign graphic selection and layouts and shop drawings for construction.

EDUCATION

BACHELOR OF SCIENCE in INDUSTRIAL DESIGN
Philadelphia College of the Arts - Philadelphia, PA
September 1983 to June 1987

ART
St. Thomas
September 1979 to June 1983

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILL AREAS:

• Exhibit, POP Displays, Consumer Product and Package Design, Engineering
• Excellent design rendering and sketching skills with Studio Max, markers, color pencils, and airbrushing
• Engineering and Drafting with Solidworks Auto Cad.
• Graphic design with the use of Corel Draw, Adobe Illustrator and Adobe PhotoShop
• Prototype and model making with various materials
• Microsoft Word, Excel and Adobe Acrobat
• Computer programs operation and problem solving with the use of windows applications and dos commands.
• Operates shop fabrication tools and hand tools.

