Farnoush Farid

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Farnoush-Farid/c2c7822019a535d4

OBJECTIVE:
A challenging full time engineering position in a growth-oriented company to enhance my technical engineering
skills while providing
mutual opportunities for development (Willing to relocate.)

CAREER INTEREST:
Oil & Gas Production & Exploration, Energy Monitoring/Analysis and Modeling, Design of Process Mechanical
Piping and Distribution
Systems including Instrumentation and Controls, Environmental Remediation of Petroleum/Chemical Impacted
Sites, Research &
Development  on  new  thermal  science  management  technologies  or  products,  and  Renewable  Power
Generation.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Graduate Researcher
Hazardous Chemical Risk Management Research - Drexel University  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2012 to
March 2013

Philadelphia, PA April 2012 - March 2013
Graduate Researcher - Conducted a survey of the general public in a number of US cities to document their
concern and attitudes towards a hypothetical hazardous chemical release. The research involved collection
and analysis of the data to determine what factors had the
strongest impact on the general public's decisions. The results then compared to a cost benefit model.

Research Intern
Biomechanics of Traumatic Aortic Rupture  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2010 to August 2010

Philadelphia, PA June 2010 - August 2010
Research Intern - Analyzed the microscopic anatomy (histology) of the aorta wall after a traumatic injury using
mechanistic experimental
numerical approaches. The research involved performing aorta tests to develop a physical and a finite element
computer  modeling  of  TAR  in  order  to  develop  tools  to  predict  the  pattern  of  aorta  injury  in  motor  vehicle
accident due to seat belts or deployment of airbags

Mechanical Engineer
Mapna Group - July 2008 to August 2009

Tehran,  Iran  Assigned  to  Power  Piping  Design  Group.  Under  engineering  supervision,  participated  in
developing Process Flow
Diagrams  (PFDs)  and  Process  &  Instrumentation  Diagrams  (  P&IDs)  for  cooling  tower  piping  system.
Conducted basic pump sizing
calculations based on flow pressure losses in the piping.

Senior Design Project Team Member
Lathe Grinding Attachment - Eastern Mediterranean University - September 2007 to June 2008

Northern Cyprus September 2007 - June 2008

Senior Design Project Team Member - Worked as member of multi-disciplined engineering team to design,
manufacture, and assemble a
Lathe Grinding Attachment for the M500 Lathe Machine available in the mechanical engineering department's
workshop.

Energy Management Class Project Team Member
Lathe Grinding Attachment - Eastern Mediterranean University - September 2007 to January 2008

Northern Cyprus September 2007 - January 2008
Energy  Management  Class  Project  Team  Member  -  The  research  involved  study  of  worldwide  energy
consumption statistics in the building
industry, identify high energy usage sectors (i.e. cooling & heating, lighting, Appliance) and the potential new
technologies to improve
energy efficiency and consumption. Performed a detailed energy audit of university campus main library.

Engineering Intern - Assigned to Instrumentation /Control Department
Tak Makaron Food Manufacturing Co - May 2007 to August 2007

Tehran, Iran May 2007 - August 2007 & May 2006 - August 2006
Engineering Intern - Assigned to Instrumentation /Control Department. Participated in programming and testing
Programmable Logic
Controllers (PLCs) to automate and optimize the plant operation and production.

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Environmental Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
September 2011 to March 2013

Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
Eastern Mediterranean University, Northern Cyprus
2004 to 2008

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS:
• Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Power Point) • Excellent writing and communication skills
• SolidWorks, AutoCAD, MATLAB, and LabVIEW • Detail Oriented
• Strong organizational and planning skills • Motivated and dedicated to learn new skills

JOURNAL PUBLICATION:
Michael Hamilton, Farnoush Farid, and Patrick L. Gurian, "Public Attitudes Toward Decontamination After a
Hazardous Chemical
Incident", Risk Analysis (Under review)
AWARDS:
-Drexel Dean's Fellowship, 2011 - 2013
-Full Tuition Scholarship, Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (TRNC) Government, 2004 – 2008
WORK AUTHRIZATION:
United States Permanent Resident

