Felix Annise

Franklinville, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Felix-Annise/7f7c9909135f48ae

WORK EXPERIENCE

Manufacturing Applications Engineer
Seren IPS  -  Vineland, NJ - February 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
Design, build and test various fixtures and systems, including software and graphical user interfaces, used to
support manufacturing and testing of radio frequency generators.

Accomplishments
Created automatic, software driven test fixtures which standardized various test functions and improved overall
quality and reduced final system test time by identifying sub standard module level performance. 
Designed a PLC driven Highly Accelerated Stress Simulator (HASS) to exercise RF generator sub system
modules including fixtures, PLC software and a Graphical User Interface. When implemented, this system
thermally and electrically stresses the subsystems identifying areas that require improvement which improves
quality. 

Skills Used
Basic  electronic  circuit  design,  schematic  creation,  programming  in  Visual  Basic,  C,  PLC  ladder  logic,
Graphical User Interface design, mechanical design of test fixtures, electronic circuit troubleshooting, systems
troubleshooting, selecting and purchasing of test equipment.

Instrumentation Tech / Programmer
Gloucester County Utilities Authority  -  West Deptford, NJ - September 1998 to September 2012

Responsibilities
Designed and implemented an HMI / SCADA system to remotely control and monitor 60 waste water stations
via a 928Mhz radio network. Maintained / repaired all telemetry equipment including Emerson (Bristol Babcock)
RTU/PLC's, Microwave Data Systems 9700 series radios. Maintained all remote station flow and control data
used in billing and engineering studies.

Accomplishments
Designed and implemented telemetry upgrades for waste water pump lifting stations. Improved pump efficiency
via software improvements to control RTU. Upgraded radio network to double data throughput. 

Skills Used
Project management, Customer service, Team work, read and interpret electric / electronic schematics and
one line diagrams, personal computer software installation / upgrade (MS Windows suite as well as vendor
specific software)

Power System Supervisor / SCADA Programmer / Analyist
Atlantic City Electric Company  -  Pleasantville, NJ - May 1987 to September 1998

Responsibilities
Power System Supervisor - Directed and monitored activity on Atlantic Electric's Power grid, assuring safety
for the transmission line maintenance crew while maintaining and repairing switching gear and transmission
circuits.

SCADA Programmer / Analyist - Created and maintained software for the company's SCADA system which
monitored and controlled the electrical transmission system throughout the company's territory. Participated
in the effort to upgrade the SCADA system hardware and software. Previous to this position I installed and
maintained electronic load monitoring equipment for Atlantic City Electric's customers (residential, commercial
and industrial)

Accomplishments
Developed software that allowed Atlantic City Electric Company to reduce its electrical load during heavy peak
times on a rotating basis. I also participated in the SCADA upgrade project, managing several segments of
the project such as data collection and HMI transition from the old system to the new.

Skills Used
analytical, creativity, technical

Test Engineer
RCA  -  Camden, NJ - May 1980 to June 1987

Responsibilities
Designed and built test fixtures for secured RF systems and TV broadcast equipment. Wrote detailed test
procedures for test technicians. Familiar with many types of electronic test equipment such as oscilloscopes,
frequency generators, RF spectrum analyzers, Digital multi-meters, frequency counters

Accomplishments
First test engineer to successfully implement touch screen technology. 

Skills Used
Team work, test equipment set up and control via software, project managment

EDUCATION

Visual Basic Course
Gloucester County College - Sewell, NJ
2004 to 2005

BS in Bible and Church Management / Leadership in Theology / Religon
Philadelphia Biblical University (Carin University) - Langhorne, PA
2000 to 2003

C programming
Camden County College - Blackwood, NJ
1996 to 1997

2 year Technical School in Electronics Technology / Computer systems
Lincoln Technical Institute - Pennsauken, NJ
1978 to 1980

SKILLS

strong mechanical background - I repair my own automobiles (10+ years), Microsoft office suite (10+
years), PLC programmer (ladder logic, structured text, function block) (10+ years), HMI development (iFix)

(10+ years), trouble shooting circuits (10+ years), troubleshoot PLC and related systems (10+ years),
Programmer - Visual Basic , C, SQL (10+ years), HMI development - Wonderware (Less than 1 year)

