Gary DeJesus-Walker

SUBSTATION ENGINEER - US AIRWAYS

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Gary-DeJesus-Walker/5dbf7fe5ebb8b0ec

To secure full time employment with a reputable company that can utilize my Civilian and Army work experience
to the benefit of the organization while providing opportunities for professional advancement.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

SUBSTATION ENGINEER
Amtrak - October 2015 to Present

Climbing Heights of 100ft and higher to install electrical equipment
● Construct, install, maintain, repair and test substation switching apparatus, control cables and associated
equipment and other duties as assigned.

Fleet Service agent
US AIRWAYS - February 2015 to Present

Marshaling Aircraft
● Baggage Handling

19D Cavalry Scout
PA Army National Guard - August 2014 to Present

Performs duties as crewmember, operates, and performs operator maintenance on scout vehicles. Armored
Airborne Reconnaissance Vehicle, and Cavalry Fighting Vehicle, crew-served weapons, and communications
equipment. Loads, clears, and fires individual and crew-served weapons. Operates and performs operator
maintenance on wheeled vehicles. Assists in the recovery of wheeled and tracked vehicles. Secures, prepares,
and stows ammunition on scout vehicles. Performs mounted and dismounted navigation. Serves as member
of observation and listening post. Gathers and reports information on terrain features and enemy strength,
disposition and equipment. Applies principles of except and evasion. Collects data for the classification of
routes, fords, tunnels, and bridges. Performs dismounted patrols Employs principles of cover and concealment
and  camouflage.  Assists  with  construction  of  light  field  fortifications,  laying  and  removal  of  mines,  and
emplacing demolitions. Performs dismounted patrols.
● Trained on physical fitness
● Trained on individual weapon qualifications
● Trained in land navigation and map reading
● Trained on communication and the use of basic chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear equipment
● Able to operate multiple weapon systems
● Completed combat life saver course

YMCA
City of Philadelphia - August 2013 to August 2014

Keep surveillance on multiple personnel at on time
● Keep records of chemical levels in the pool and personnel entering area
● Teach swimming courses to young and elder personnel
● 3 years experience working as life guard for the City of Philadelphia and YMCA

City of philadelphia
City of Philadelphia - June 2012 to 2014

Protect patrons in the water and on pool deck
● Perform emergency action when needed
● Keep surveillance on multiple personnel at on time

EDUCATION

Diploma
Alvin A Swenson Arts and Technology High School - Philadelphia, PA
June 2014

vocational
Automotive and collision repair vocational training

CERTIFICATIONS

CDL Class B
January 2017

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills

● CLASS B CDL
● CPR and First aid certified
● Construct, install, maintain, repair and test substation switching apparatus, control cables and associated
equipment and other duties as assigned.
● Basic Electrical theory
● Knowledge of electrical components and use of various electrical testing devices
● Climbing and rigging experience
● Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
● Proven record of reliability and responsibility
● National Defense Service Medal

