Gregory Baker

Mechanical Design Engineer, MS2

Springfield, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Gregory-Baker/914d39bb621a9eaf

CAD  designer  seeking  a  position  within  a  motivated  team  environment  relating  to  Architectural,  Civil  and
Mechanical industries. Demonstrated proven success in producing quality designs, lowering cost and reducing
schedule interval through attention to detail, quality work and an ability to address needs and critical issues
quickly. Valued team player consistently driven to results under high quality standards.

CAD SKILLS

• AutoCAD […] • ProEngineer Wildfire 1.0-5.0 • Mentor Graphics
• Pro-Detailing • ProDiagram • Solidworks 2006
• Pro-Piping • ProIntralink • Full/Sub assemblies
• Pro-Cabling • PTC Creo 1.0/2.0 • PTC Windchill

WORK EXPERIENCE

Mechanical Design Engineer, MS2
LOCKHEED MARTIN  -  Moorestown, NJ - 2006 to 2013

Maritime Systems and Sensors)
Mechanical design engineer responsible for new design and re-design of various electronic and mechanical
packaging of navy and army defense equipment pertaining to US government contracts.
• CAD design support using Pro-Engineer Wildfire for creating part and assembly models for mounting plates,
coolant channel coldplates, circuit modules, i/o panels, chassis servers and other various components. Receive
sketches and descriptions, provide calculations, layouts, details for complete mechanical design.
• Efficient component modeling using Family Tables to create multiple component instances derived from a
common generic component. Provides future re-use for future designs.
• Use Pro-Detail for full dimension and reduced dimension drawings. Application of ASME Y14.5 Standards and
basic GD&T principles for all drawing details. Adhere to MS2-Moorestown Drafting Standards and procedures.
Provide appropriate drawings as necessary to selected machine shop vendors.
• Use Pro-Piping to model simple routing of RF semi-flex cabling. Control cable lengths, thickness and bend
radius. Pro-Cabing used on occasion for individual pin and conductor assignments per schematic.
• Incorporate Electronic Change Notices (ECNs) per Lockheed Martin Mechanical Design area standards and
utilized the EDR (Electronic Drawing Release) system for formal design tracking, signoff and drawing release.
• Create electronic BOMs for all assembly levels of a design and keep track during course of design and
provide official release to LM MS2-Moorestown Parts Group.
• Work as a team with Electrical Designers for concurrent design of pwbs and backplanes.

CAD Operator/Design Engineer, Engineering Department
GLASSEAL PRODUCTS  -  Lakewood, NJ - 2004 to 2006

Mechanical  designer  responsible  for  new  design  of  various  components  using  glass-to-metal  (hermetic)
sealing technology. Create innovative carbon mold fixtures to maximize production of hermetic components
while minimizing cost of furnace firing processes. Work with supplier vendors for ordering mold and tooling
fixtures.
• CAD support using Pro-Engineer and Solidworks to develop 3D component models, sub and full assemblies
followed by standard Pro-Detail drawings. Release final drawings to production and quality assurance.

• Demonstrated team player values by working design concepts with process engineering team prior to release
of new product lines. Work with sales department regarding design quotations, customer issues and materials
management. Suggest cost effective measures for all development phases.
•  Create  BOMs  and  assign  company  part  numbers  for  all  new  components  and  finished  goods.  Follow
ISO-9000 document control processes for effective design flow and drawing file management.
•  Initiated  engineering  change  notices  and  incorporated  drawing  modifications  using  Pro-Engineer  and
Solidworks.

Member of Technical Staff
LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES  -  Holmdel, NJ - 1988 to 2003

Schematic Designer, Holmdel Design Engineering Services
Leader  of  schematic  capture  team  providing  full  engineering  support  of  circuit  drawings  and  formal
documentation  pertaining  to  standards  for  internal/external  customer  distribution.  Provided  expertise  on
schematic standards for circuit module, circuit pack, backplane and system designs. Quality Assurance leader
responsible for checking design intent accuracy for all design changes applied to several schematic types.
•  ECAD  drafting  of  data  driven  schematics  for  the  layout  of  printed  wiring  boards  (PWBs).  Effectively
communicated with engineering customers to define design requirements and interface with manufacturing
following DFM guidelines.
•  Provided  leadership  ensuring  all  team  designers  understood  and  adhered  to  schematic  design  and
documentation standards. The result was a seasoned design team consistently meeting or exceeding customer
expectations. Demonstrated as a "role model" by appointment as leader of the department Schematic Quality
Improvement team.
• Created innovative system drawings to convey cabling interconnection of optical networking products at a
unit, shelf and frame level.
• Generated assembly drawings for circuit pack, circuit module and backplanes with associated stocklists.
• Effectively translated paper plots of electrical cable drawings to ECAD data driven cable and harness wirelists
for downstream 3-D cable routing and interconnection.

Associate of Technical Staff
AT&T BELL LABORATORIES  -  Whippany, NJ - 1987 to 1988

Electronics Technician, Area 46: Federal Submarine Systems
Provided technical support of Federal Undersea Telecommunication systems. Projects included the ULSS and
SL-45 Undersea Lightwave and SURTASS Towed-array cable systems.
•  Responsible  for  the  test  and  analysis  of  prototype  circuitry  for  optical  transmitters  and  receivers  and
subsequent documentation of test results. Duties included signal tracing and debugging of TTL and ECL logic
circuits. Built and tested digital circuits using quick-connect and wire-wrap proto boards.
•  Maintained  government  security  clearance  (G-2:  Secret  level)  and  properly  handled  documentation/test
procedures as such towards sensitive material classified as confidential, proprietary and secret.

EDUCATION

Brick Computer Science Institute - Township of Brick, NJ

A.S. in Electrical Engineering
Brookdale Community College - Lincroft, NJ

Diploma in Electronics
DeVry Technical Institute - Woodbridge, NJ

