Gregory Paprocki

Regional Account Manager - CG Power Solutions USA

Holland, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Gregory-Paprocki/1f4526c17c2ae402

WORK EXPERIENCE

Regional Account Manager
CG Power Solutions USA - November 2015 to Present

Regional  Account  Manager  for  an  electrical  engineering  and  service  solutions  provider  in  the  substation,
transmission, and distribution industry. Sell turnkey engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) services
for renewable, industrial, and utility customers.

Typical projects include:
• Grid reliability projects. Implement latest communications standards (IEC) for Utility substations.
• Project management, sourcing, and value add services.
• Design, procure, and install projects ranging from single circuit breaker replacement to full substations of
differing configurations.

Eastern USA Sales Engineer for a new product line
Harris Battery - January 2015 to April 2015

Responsible  for  presenting  to  electric  utility  and  contractor  contacts  the  company's  new  product  line  of
advanced  batteries  and  "containerized  universal  battery  systems"  used  for  uninterruptible  power  supplies,
standby generators, and renewable energy applications.

Northeast Regional Sales Manager
Powell Electrical Systems, Inc.  -  Houston, TX - 2010 to 2014

• Northeast Regional Sales Manager 

•  Powell  manufactures  engineered  to  order  electrical  substations  and  control  rooms.  Also  made  to  order
infrared scanning systems, partial discharge systems, SCADA systems, and remote substation automation
and operation equipment.

•  Maintain  customer  interaction.  Track  prospects  planned  system  changes  and  upgrades.  Negotiate  work
scope and assist home office in preparing offers.

Sales Engineer
Industrial Process Solutions  -  Ivyland, PA - 2007 to 2010

• Sales Engineer for central New Jersey. M&L is an electrical switchgear maintenance supplier and engineering
consultant.

• Sold industrial maintenance and equipment upgrades to large end users and producers of electrical power.
Major sales include a $462,000 system upgrade for the City of Philadelphia, Water Filtration Division.

Sales Engineer
M&L Power Systems  -  Old Bridge, NJ - 2005 to 2007

• Sales Engineer for central New Jersey. M&L is an electrical switchgear maintenance supplier and engineering
consultant.

• Sold industrial maintenance and equipment upgrades to large end users and producers of electrical power.
Major sales include a $462,000 system upgrade for the City of Philadelphia, Water Filtration Division.

Sales Engineer
Siemens  -  Kenilworth, NJ - 2003 to 2005

• Sales Engineer assigned to New Jersey, New York City and Long Island NY.

•  Clients/Sales  included  Pfizer,  US  Navy,  Anheuser  Busch,  Consolidated  Edison,  and  many  electrical
contractors. 

• Performed “Solutions Sales” utilizing Siemens products and field engineering services. Developed budgetary
and final proposals. 

• Supported 13 salesmen for the construction sales channel where custom products or services are part of
the Siemens bill of material.

Sales Engineer
Grand Eagle Services  -  Montgomeryville, PA - 2001 to 2003

• Sales Engineer, GES owned 38 industrial service shops nationally. 

• Primary function was to locate opportunities, assist in quotation development, and maintain negotiations until
receipt of order. Left when company filed bankruptcy. 

• Sales include turnkey installation of a new 2500 KVA unit substation for a New Jersey pipe and foundry
facility. Project increased system capacity and solved OSHA compliance safety issues.

Vice President
Scott Testing, Inc  -  Trenton, NJ - 1989 to 2001

• Vice President in charge of power testing division. Earned equity position.

• Started testing division in 1989. Sales growth averaged 25% per year for 10 years. 

• Maintained contact with key customers. Typical project involved validating and commissioning complex power
systems. Key customers included Bechtel Construction, URS, Johnson and Johnson, Solar Turbine, Gerdau
Ameristeel, Port Authority of NY and NJ.

•  Major  sales  include  system  verification  of  a  3000MW  power  plant  in  the  country  of  India  for  Bechtel
Construction and General Electric. Project Value--$500,000.

EDUCATION

Bachelors in BA Economics
Indiana University of Pennsylvania

SKILLS

Highly knowledgeable in transmission and distribution systems and in-plant electrical power systems. Also,
strong working knowledge of electrical power system studies, system testing and commissioning. (10+
years), Fliud power expereince...gas compressors, dryers, instrumentation. (3 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Key  Words:  regional  electrical  sales,  account  manager,  business  development,  marketing,  market
assessments, electrical power systems, testing, commissioning, fluid power, industrial filters, compressors,
field  service  sales,  switchgear,  substations,  generator  step  up  transformers,  instrument  transformers,  SF6
circuit breakers, vacuum circuit breakers, medium voltage power, re-closers, protective relays, ABB, Siemens,
Basler,  Schweitzer,  SEL,  Multilin,  GE,  motor  protector  relays,  arc  flash,  bus  duct,  replacement  breakers,
standby generators, cogeneration, transfer switches, uninterruptible power supply, data centers, power control
rooms, power distribution centers, mass transit power, transmission and distribution, power conditioning

