Gregory Dechaine

Test, Site, Equipment Engineer, Project Management/Coordination

Bordentown, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Gregory-Dechaine/2d072cf194dca8fa

Energetic Mechanical Engineer with extensive experience in electrical, instrumentation, and automatic control
engineering  practices  hopes  to  advance  his  career,  by  moving  on  to  another  exciting  challenge  and  vary
technical experience.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Test Engineer
Contract Engineering Services: Sikorsky Aircraft  -  Stratford, CT - January 2013 to July 2013

DUTIES & ACHIEVMENTS:
Develop and author procedures, reports, and test plans including but not limited to equipment commissioning
(Preparation) procedures, installation and maintenance instructions, and detailed test procedures utilizing FAA,
MIL-STD, ISO, SAE, and ASME specifications and standards.

Manage  and  coordinate  installation  of  helicopter  components  for  testing.  (Helicopter  Transmissions,
Instrumentation/Data Acquisition Systems, Hydraulic Systems, Facility Upgrades for test, etc…). 

Provide test engineering expertise in development of supplier test programs for various subcomponents used
throughout aircraft.

Participate and support Preliminary Design Reviews (PDR) and Critical Design Reviews (PDR) for component
development programs.

Manage  qualification  testing  efforts  on  aircraft  components  including  but  not  limited  to  development  of
manning schedules, oversight of engineering efforts (Electrical, Facilities, Instrumentation, Controls, etc…),
daily  operation  of  test  facilities,  failure  oversight  and  resolution  (FRACAS  if  applicable),  daily  reports  to
management and engineering, and development of test reports upon completion of testing. 
〓 
Maintain configuration management records and participate in FAA inspections used to ensure equipment
configuration was in accordance with FAA requirements and guidelines for component successful qualification.
〓 
Utilize  Matrix  One  configuration  management  server  for  viewing  bill  of  materials  of  aircraft  component
assemblies, track Engineering Change Requests (ECR), producing Engineering Work Requests (EWR), and
viewing detailed drawings of components and component specifications.
〓 
Utilized configuration management software for submitting Test, Acceptance, and Qualification documentation
for review, approval, and release by various engineering subject matter experts.

Test, Site, Equipment Engineer; Advanced Arresting Gear (AAG) Program
General Atomics  -  Lakehurst, NJ - September 2007 to January 2011

Joint Military Base McGuire, Dix, Lakehurst, NJ 9/2007 to 1/2011
Title: Test, Site, Equipment Engineer; Advanced Arresting Gear (AAG) Program
DUTIES & ACHIEVMENTS:

➢ Develop and author procedures, reports, drawings, and test plans including but not limited to equipment
commissioning (Preparation) procedures, installation and maintenance instructions/drawings, and detailed test
procedures.
➢ Design, repair, checkout, and install fiber optic control cabling prior to connection to equipment. Included
performing dB loss tests and rebuilding and manufacture of damaged fiber cabling.
➢ Coordinate design, installation, and setup effort to ready test facility for testing
➢ Duties included but were not limited to:
• Test facility design, construction, and installation oversight.
•  High  voltage,  Control,  and  Instrumentation  cable  installations  in  accordance  with  Mil-Std  specifications
(routing, spacing, bend radius, EMI requirements, etc ).
• Fiber optic installations including cable routing, network design, setup of fiber to copper equipment interfaces,
and implement installations, modifications, and or repairs in accordance with NAVAIR/NAVSEA specification
MIL-STD-2042-B.  (Certified  in  MIL-2042B  installation,  manufacture,  and  repair  processes  for  fiber  optic
cabling. (Trained by Fiber Systems International).
• Installation and setup of arresting gear and test equipment, including but not limited to design and setup of
Data Acquisition Systems and Control Consoles (Interconnect design, setup and configuration of test software,
and  development  and  design  of  automatic  control  consoles  for  remote  operation  and  health  monitoring  of
equipment, etc )
➢ Utilize Pro Engineer and AutoCAD 2-D/3-D software for reviewing and updating key drawings for test facility
and equipment setups including positioning of equipment to meet Military Standards, OSHA Safety Standards,
and Commercial Installation Standards.
➢ Ensure and verify design compatibility of Mil-Std built arresting gear components with commercial equipment
built to ISO/ASME/SAE and other commercial specification standards.
➢ Review Finite Element Analysis findings of equipment support structures to ensure had a proper level of
safety factor designed into the equipment for operations.
➢ Participate in day to day operation of test events and coordinate test plans to be executed including collection
of data for review and analysis from Data Acquisition Systems, operation of automated test consoles which
operated components, and perform and develop maintenance procedures and processes.
➢  Participated  in  failure  analysis  reviews  (FRACAS)  and  coordinated  plans  to  repair  and  re-commission
equipment for operation.
➢ Analyze test data and presented findings to component engineers.
➢ Developed test specific analysis tools to review data following completion of test events using MATLAB.
➢ Developed instrumentation specifications and data processing requirements for collection of test specific
instrumentation no incorporated in the shipboard arresting gear equipment Data Acquisition System.

Test Lead/Director
General Atomics  -  San Diego, CA - April 2009 to November 2009

Advanced Arresting Gear (AAG) Extended Reliability Test (ERT) Program
DUTIES & ACHIEVMENTS:
➢ Managed day to day operations of AAG Reliability Testing.
➢  Develop,  design,  and  install  various  copper  and  fiber  op[tic  control  cables/wires  to  ensure  sustained/
continuous  automated  operation  of  equipment  could  continue  without  being  disrupted  by  EMI  and  other
electrical/mechanical interference.
➢  Develop  and  author  procedures,  reports,  instructions  and  test  plans,  including  but  not  limited
to  equipment  commissioning  (preparation)  procedures/plans,  installation  and  maintenance  instructions,
assembly/disassembly procedures, and repair plans.
➢  Develop  automatic  control  test  profiles  for  operation  of  arresting  gear  electric  motor  thru  the  power
electronics system.

➢ Managed, coordinated, and planned troubleshooting efforts for repair of equipment during failure events
including coordination with component engineers, participating in failure analysis meetings, development and
implementation of repair procedures and re-certification procedures of equipment (FRACAS).
➢  Participated  in  design  of  mechanical  test  fixtures,  instrumentation,  and  control  systems  for  conducting
automatic and repeatable test eventsfor Reliability Testing (10,000 cycle goal).
➢ Performed, planned, and coordinated Reliability and Performance Testing, as well as verification of key
system requirements derived from System Specification Documents (MIL-STD's).
➢ Developed procedures for verification of system specifications (vibration, stress limits, gear train operation,
etc ).
➢  Analyze  Reliability  and  Performance  test  data  to  ensure  real  time  test  data  corresponded  with  model
predictions.
➢ Design specialty tools, parts, and mechanical systems required for installation and operation of the AAG
equipment.

General Atomics  -  Lakehurst, NJ - November 2008 to April 2009

Lakehurst, NJ 11/2008 thru 4/2009
Title: Highly Accelerated Life Testing (HALT) Lead Site Engineer; Electromagnetic Aircraft Launch System
(EMALS) Program
DUTIES & ACHIEVMENTS:
➢ Participated in the detailed design, planning and installation efforts for environmental testing of the Electro
Magnetic Launch System (EMALS).
➢  Visited  manufacturers  of  environmental  chambers  and  refrigeration  systems  to  coordinate  design  /
installation plans for HALT Test Site systems.
➢ Review and provide recommended updates to test site and equipment installation plans
➢ Coordinated day to day operations at test site with up to 60 different contractors and test personnel working
at any given time.
➢ Provide detailed design requirements, preliminary drawings, and equipment designs for development and
installation of environmental and catapult equipment.

Research Intern
National Center for Weights and Measurements - June 2006 to August 2006

DUTIES:
➢ Perform research and design on state of the art Friction Stir Welding techniques to be used by the company
for future projects.
➢ Designed several FSW bits to be used for both testing the performance of the bit and material properties
post welding.
➢ Developed test procedures, plans, and data acquisition process for collecting temperature data during the
welding procedure.
➢ Performed multiple test welds on aluminum material using the Welding Tips that were designed during the
R&D phase of the project.
➢ Analyzed test data and developed Final Report based on findings to present to the company.

Research Assistant
WVU Center for Alternative Fuels and Emissions Research  -  Morgantown, WV - June 2005 to August
2005

DUTIES
➢ Research center consisted of two Dynameters used for the testing of various diesel, and prototype engine
configurations.

➢ Research was performed to study the effects that various alternative fuels would have on the environment
as well as engine performance.
➢ Perform all test setup activities including installation of Cummins Diesel Engines into Dynameters as well
as any additional test apparatuses required for testing.
➢ Assisted with deconstruction of various diesel engines to install data collection instrumentation.

Manufacturing/ Test Technician
Manley Corp  -  Lakewood, NJ - June 2003 to August 2003

DUTIES
➢ Manufacture and machine connecting rods used in Ford Cobra Mustang, and Ford GT-40 automobiles.
➢ Performed machining processes such as PM Bore and Honing of both Connecting Rod styles bushings for
the Mustang and GT-40.
➢ Perform Quality Assurance of products including but not limited to Rockwell
Hardness  Testing,  dimensional  verification  of  rod  design,  MagnaFlux  Testing  for  cracks,  fractures,  and
other flaws, and final inspection using optical testing method to ensure customer quality specifications were
achieved.
➢ Participated in all aspects of manufacture and QA of product.

Veterinary Scale /Lift Table Production Technician
Technidyne Corp  -  Toms River, NJ - February 2001 to July 2002

DUTIES:
➢ Performed all aspects of production on digital veterinary scales including but not limited to sales, fabrication,
calibration testing, packaging, and shipping.
➢ Troubleshoot and repair damaged scales.
➢ Fabricate and assemble Hydraulic Lift Exam Tables (standard and wall-mount) including calibration testing
of scale sensors, shipping, delivery, and installation for customer.
➢ Perform R&D of Gas Shock Lift Surgical Transport Gurney.
➢ Develop manufacturing techniques and QA Inspections for Surgical Lift Transport Gurneys.

Additional Training/Skills:
➢ Skilled in Microsoft Products, MAT-Lab, ANSYS, Pro Engineer, AutoCAD, and 40 Hours Labview training
➢ Participated in various project management, project development, and teambuilding courses designed to
enhance management capabilities of engineering projects.
➢  Trained/Certified  in  CPR/First  Aid,  Crane  Hoisting,  Lockout/Tagout,  Low  and  High  Voltage  and  Safety
Procedures
➢ Certified in Fiber-optic assembly, installation, and repair of Mil-Std cable assemblies in accordance with
Mil-Std-2042B.
➢  Experience  in  multiple  MIL-STDS  and  Commercial  Standards  (MIL-810,  MIL-462,  ISO  2001,  ASME
Standards, etc )

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
West Virginia University - Morgantown, WV
May 2007

SKILLS

MS Products, Project Management/Coordination, Certified MIL-2042-B Fiber Optic Install/Repair/Assembly,
MatLab, AutoCAD, ProE, SAP, Labview, Automatic Controls

