Hanna Niafiodava

Toxicology & Environmental Research and Consulting Intern

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Hanna-Niafiodava/40299af4ee8f3795

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Toxicology & Environmental Research and Consulting Intern
The Dow Chemical Company - September 2014 to February 2015

Conducted a shadow assessment to identify potential Substances of Very High Concern (SVHC) in accordance
with
SVHC Roadmap to 2020 in substances registered by Dow under REACH.
• Made a probability assessment of how many substances of the category 1-10 tons/year required only reduced
testing in accordance with REACH Annex III for 2018 and helped to identify any gaps in the Dow's predictive
capabilities.

Project Engineer
Equity Environmental Engineering  -  Flanders, NJ - June 2012 to August 2013

Primary  experience  is  in  site  remediation  and  due  diligence;  was  involved  in  various  remediation  and
planning projects including petroleum products spill investigations, groundwater monitoring, Phase I and II
Environmental Assessments.
Polycythemia Vera cluster exposure assessment in Northeastern Pennsylvania for the Center for Disease
Control.
• Conducted environmental assessment to identify potential links between an environmental exposure and a
blood
disorder. Evaluated a large database of past environmental data to determine historic impacts.
• Assessed potential air and hydrogeological sources of contamination that may cause the disease.
•  Developed  sampling  work  plans,  coordinated  multiple  sampling  teams  and  the  analytical  laboratory,
conducted potable
water and soil sampling, reviewed analytical data, and drafted sections of the final report.

Environmental Services Unit Intern
NJ Transit  -  Newark, NJ - June 2011 to May 2012

Monitored  water  discharge  permits  at  bus  and  rail  facilities  for  regulatory  compliance  with  local  and  state
agencies.
● Collected stormwater and wastewater samples at NJ Transit facilities throughout the state.

EDUCATION

M.S. in Environmental Engineering
ETH Zurich - Zurich, KS
2013 to 2015

Bachelor of Science in Bioenvironmental Engineering
State University of New Jersey
September 2009 to January 2012

Bachelor in Environmental Management and Audit
Belarusian State Technical University - Minsk
September 2005 to May 2008

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS

MATLAB, AutoCAD, MODFLOW, FEFLOW, HECRAS, Surfer, HydroCAD, PolSARpro, COMSOL.

