Harold Minnett

Somerdale, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Harold-Minnett/19e4a3e443d9aca4

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Project Manager
Ray Angelini, Inc.  -  Sewell, NJ - March 2006 to June 2012

Responsibilities
Competent, detail orientated Project Manager / Supervisor, currently licensed as a Journeyman Electrician/
Contractor and licensed ICS Electrical Inspector in New Jersey. In last position, performed and managed all
Utility & NJCEP (New Jersey Clean Energy Program) initial and final submissions for Ray Angelini, Inc., a
Multi-Million Dollar a year Electrical Contractor and Solar Integrator / Designer / Installer.

Accomplishments
Diversified Electrical / Instrumentation / Service / Solar background experience with computer skills, training
and technical knowledge to communicate, plan, layout, install, maintain, troubleshoot, test, repair, supervise,
manage and reporting on multiple projects. Numerous years of Electrical Installations, Supervision, and Project
Management experience in the various fields of Industrial - Instrumentation - Rail Transit - Solar Construction,
Production,  Electrical  Maintenance,  Service,  Design,  Project  Estimating  and  Cost  Accounting  intriguingly
involved on various size projects ranging upwards to 54.7 Million Dollars.

Skills Used

Project Skills
Diversified  background,  detailed  oriented  with  extensive  ‘hands  on’  experience,  proven  leadership  /
management  abilities  with  extensive  record  keeping  /  reporting  skills  in  various  fields  of  Electrical  /  Solar
Construction, Electrical Service / Inspections, including various Production Facilities / Processes / Equipment
Installations, Facility Relocations and Customer Service.

PEPCO ENERGY ACCC 2.36 Megawatt Roof Solar Project in Atlantic City, NJ 9/2008 T0 1/2009
– Performed On-Site Project Management for the largest U.S. Roof-Mounted Solar Array Installation at that
time at the Atlantic City Convention Center for Ray Angelini, Inc.
VALERO  /  NOOTER  FCCU  Project  in  Paulsboro,  NJ  3/2006  to  7/2006  –  Performed  On-Site  Project
Management for a scheduled 24-Day, 24-Hour ‘Turn-Around Project’ at a Valero Crude Oil Refinery for Ray
Angelini, Inc.
SEPTA  TRACK  &  SIGNAL  IMPROVEMENTS  Project  2/2001  to  6/2005  -  Performed  as  On-Site  Project
Superintendent & Safety Officer for a SEPTA 7.2 mile Surface Commuter Rail Track & Signal Improvement
Project from Wayne Junction to Glenside, PA. for ENCOMPASS/The Farfield Company.
VINELAND CHEMICAL REMEDIATION SITE in Vineland, NJ 7/1998 to 2/2001 - Contracted as an Industrial
Electrical/Instrumentation  Project  Manager  for  a  Black&  Vetch  -  Army  Corps  Ground  Water  Remediation
Project in South Jersey. I was responsible for selection, procurement, fabrication, installation and start-up of
all Electrical/ Instruments and Control Panels for Scalfo Electric, Inc.
LANGSTON COMPANY, INC. 4/1995 to 7/1998 and 7/1977 to 1984 - Performed as a Field Electrical Service
Engineer and Contract Installation Manager for the Cherry Hill NJ based paper corrugating/finishing equipment
manufacture  on  both  Domestic  and  Foreign  assignments.  I  was  initially  hired  as  a  Production  Electrician
progressing  to  Electrical  Shop  Leader.  GRAPHIC  PRINTING/CONVERTING  EQUIPMENT  Field  Service
Technician 4/1984 to 6/1989

– Performed both Electrical and Mechanical Field Service on various graphic printing and converting equipment
in the Tri-State area for a Moorestown NJ based Electrical Contractor, McGarvey Electric, Inc. I was initially
hired as a Field Service Technician and progressed to the Service Division Manager responsible for the total
Estimation, Planning, Installations, Plant Relocations and Service.

Electrical Project Superintendent & Safety / Compliance Officer
The Farfield Company  -  Lititz, PA - February 2001 to June 2005

Responsibilities
Performed as On-Site Project Superintendent & Safety Officer for a SEPTA 7.2 mile Surface Commuter Rail
Track & Signal Improvement Project from Wayne Junction to Glenside, PA. for ENCOMPASS/The Farfield
Company.

Accomplishments
Responsible  for  maintaining  and  /  or  reducing  numerous  track  outages  for  scheduled  electrical  and  civil
activities resulting in SEPTA maintaining their train schedules. 
Performed daily monitoring of all construction activities on various scheduled day and night project milestones
of The Farfield Company as well as all sub-contractors for both contractual compliance and Safety. 
Responsible for developing, preparing and implementing the Project Track & Signal / Control wiring installation
methods, terminations and testing adhering to SEPTA's contractual requirements. 

Skills Used
Leadership on both a overall project and individual basis as deemed necessary to maintain schedules, Safety
Compliance and budgets utilizing computer MS Office computer programs.
On various occasions I was required to perform 'hands-on' foreman activities as the numerous schedules or
Owner's requirements.

EDUCATION

No  actual  degrees  obtained,  only  Certificates  of  Completion.  4.5  credits  in  Solar
Photovoltaics - Selection, Design, Construction, Management and Inspection
IBEW Local - Wilmington, DE
2009 to 2009

No actual degrees obtained, only credits for completed courses. in MS Office, Auto Cad,
Construction Management, NJ Building and Electrical Inspectors Courses (as required
by the NJ DCA, Division of Consumer Affairs) 40+ credits
Camden County College - Blackwood, NJ
2000 to 2005

No  actual  degrees  obtained,  only  Certificates  of  Completion  in  Hydraulics,  PLCs,
Instrumentation and Fiber Optics
Langston Company, Allen Bradley, GE, Instrumentation Society of America (ISA), The Light Brigade  -
Cherry Hill, DE
1983 to 2000

No  actual  degrees  obtained,  only  Certificates  of  Completion  and  Deans  List
Acknowledgement.  Earned  approximately  22  credits  in  Electronic  and  Computer
Systems
RCA Technical Institute - Cherry Hill, NJ
1968 to 1970

