Hemendra Jani

Principal Electrical Consultant - Process safety management - DuPont Corporate
Engineering

Plymouth Meeting, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Hemendra-Jani/d56e3ae819e51dfb

• Self-directed certified six sigma professional, Project engineer/manager with over 30 years experience in
electrical industry electrical products & power projects from proposal to commissioning in US and overseas.
• Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with ability to interact with multiple organizations.
•  Capable  of  making  immediate  contribution  &  energizing  engineering  services  unit  of  a  power  company,
independent power producers, industrial plants, corporate facilities engineering, AE/consulting engineering or
electrical equipment manufacturing companies.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Principal Electrical Consultant - Process safety management
DuPont Corporate Engineering  -  Wilmington, DE - January 2011 to Present

Implement  MIQA  best  practices  to  assure  PSM  requirements  are  met  for  electrical  power  equipment.
Develop programs to analyze and improve the Electrical Power distribution equipment reliability supporting
manufacturing plants.

• DuPont North America M & R process review for compliance with DuPont and other industry standards.
Develop, communicate and audit M & R Systems for power equipment for North American sites. Identify gaps
in a site's work practices and help define the business value improvements.

•  Develop  strategies,  program  proposals,  improvement  programs  and  control  plans  to  close  the  gaps  and
deliver business improvement and help the site implement.

• Obtain program funding as required to support developed programs.

•  Perform  technical  consulting  in  various  offerings  such  as  root  cause  failure  analysis,  reliability  centered
maintenance, uptime/UPbase, and system preventative maintenance.

•  Interacts  with  other  consultants,  plant  and  business  personnel,  suppliers,  and  contractors  to  accomplish
business improvements.

• Perform & document equipment criticality analysis.

• Analyze data (failure, cost, UPtime, etc) using appropriate reliability analysis tools to develop & implement
improvement plans.

• Lead electrical-power reliability improvement teams

• Perform or arrange for physical failure analysis

• Teach physical failure analysis & evidence preservation techniques.

• Work with plant engineering, purchasing and plant's stores organizations to develop & execute appropriate
Quality Assurance (QA) practices.

• Assess effectiveness of QA practices

• Work with plant's inspector group to ensure appropriate inspection technologies are being used and assessing
quality of inspection plans.

• Review inspection reports and analyze data to determine fitness for service, quality of inspection, appropriate
inspection interval, etc.

Adjunct Professor of Electrical Engineering
Drexel University Goodwin College  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2007 to Present

Teaching: Energy Conversion, Electrical Network Analysis, Electrical System design and Power Electronics
courses to Senior level undergraduate students.

Senior Electrical Special - Major Capital Projects
Sunoco Refining and Chemicals  -  Marcus Hook, PA - September 2007 to January 2011

Electrical lead for Capital projects (exceeding $15MM) team for refinery capacity and new process additions.

• Liaison with Power company and DPSC for utility regulation implications for new service to alternative fuel
(Ethanol) manufacturing facility.

• Utility tie main electrical substations for large compressor motors and process loads in Class 1 Div II area
for process upgrades for Low Sulfur Diesel , Diesel hydro cracker/treater etc. Work with OSHA and DEP for
process safety compliance audits.

• Project scope, estimates, schedules, engineering consultants' coordination, field assessment, and support
for installation, testing and startup.
(Contact Patrick Givey, Engineering Manager - 610-859-1934)

Lead Project Engineer
Shaw - Stone and Webster Engineering  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - September 2006 to September 2007

PSEG Power Fossil Power plant Mercury Emission control system addition.
• Electrical Power distribution Design & Specifications of Electrical switchgear, relaying, UPS-Battery system
for DCS and plant critical loads. Applying FERC regulation for substation relaying.
(Contact: Supervisor's Name: Gerry Huffman, 856-482-4095)

Engineer Manager
General Electric Capital Mod  -  Wayne, PA - May 2005 to August 2006

Modular  building  specifications,  construction  support,  vendor  development  &  management,  maintaining
and updating modular building specifications, cost model database for commercial, educational, healthcare
industry & value engineering program leader in compliance with applicable building - structural, plumbing,
HVAC, Electrical, energy conservation, HCA-ADA for all 50 states and local municipal codes.
• Monitoring State/Industry code revisions, legislative requirements and other technical issues affecting the
fleet. Assisted legal and insurance in understanding code issues as they pertain to any technical interpretation
of incidents.
(Supervisor: Tom Breen - Chief Engineer Asset Intelligence)

Senior Electrical Project Engineer-Manager

PSEG Power  -  Newark, NJ - April 2003 to May 2005

Power plant modernization & life extension retrofit projects including replacement of GE-ALTEREX excitation
regulator with EX2100 digital excitation system replacement of 50 year old 5KV switchgear with new vacuum
switchgear with digital relay & metering systems. Temporary Power planning for outage.
• Prepare project schedules, budget estimates, construction specifications Interface with procurement, testing
and construction department planning, procurement field inspection supervision & start up.
• Performed Condition assessment study for all in plant switchgear installation and prepared report for repair
v/s replace analysis.
• Performed market survey and detail study on power system computer modeling analysis software tools.
(Contact Supervisor: Clint Bogan, Supervisor's Phone: 973-430-7024)

Director - Business Unit Manager - Power Protection and Control
Areva T & D  -  Bethlehem, PA - November 2001 to November 2002

Business unit manager for $10MM North American operation of $300MM - World leading business unit of
Digital Power system Protection control & automation systems Lead staff of 19 professionals including Project
managers, Engineers, manufacturing and quality assurance organizations.
• Ensured customer satisfaction by project completion and improved financial performance of the business by
collecting record $9MM over dues in less than 5 months.
•  Outsourced  manufacturing  to  improve  business  financial  performance.  Established  new  vendors  for
fabrication, assembly and wiring of relay panels.
• Drafted Quality process manual & EHS policy manual.

Senior Engineering Team Leader
General Electric Company - Power Systems  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 1981 to November 2001

Product standards & Requisitions Project design engineering - Led an engineering team for $40MM Modular
Power building & substation business to meet IBC, NEC-NFPA, ANSI, IEEE & NEMA standards, Managed
project  assignments,  scheduling  &  tracking  in  direct  support  of  materials  procurement,  production,  QC,
Customer shipment requirements.
• Designed and specified switchgear (600-34.5KV), static generator excitation system (EX2100 & Brushless),
diesel, motor & static start systems (LCI), turbine generator controls (MK V/VI), protective relaying (Digital),
metering, auxiliary motor controls, power distribution, station battery systems & SCADA for complete line of
GE combined cycle power generating plants Frame 5, 6, 7E/F & 9E/F as well as aero-derivatives LM and
substations (to 230KV).

Physical layout of equipment, conduit and cable routing, specifications of transformers, circuit breakers, relays,
grounding.

Created  &  maintained  knowledge  based  engineering  procedures  database  for  engineering  efficiency  One
line  &  Schematic  diagrams,  product  configuration  control,  Product  design  parameters  Weight/CG,  HVAC-
Fan unit sizing, Equipment sizing Power distribution MCC/ Panel boards, cable, conduit sizing, relay settings
calculations. Improved performance of Requisition engineering group by 55%.

Developed effective work plans to prepare proposals by integrating product team including coordination with
structural & HVAC systems design coordination with consultants, vendors & contractors.

Managed Customer coordination for product application and estimates for new and in process design change
orders - cost & schedule impact.

Training & development: Managed GE technical leadership development program as assignment leader and
Drexel University coop program for 7 years to foster the interest of young engineers in the field of electrical
Power engineering.
Field Engineering Support: Coordinated construction & installation support programs and created a feedback
system tracking ECN/DCN (engineering/Design change notices) for continuous product quality improvement.
Achieved 80% reduction in customer complaints.

Value engineering: Successfully led Cost-out programs exceeding $1.0 MM in material and labor productivity
and OTR order to remittance cycle reduction through product & process reengineering "work-out" sessions
with vendors, contractors and customers.

Six sigma quality programs: Certified Greenbelt, GE corporate program applying advanced statistical analysis
for identification and resolution of design and production problems.

Designed, specified, and coordinated protective relay logic, PLC-control, Power metering & instrumentation
systems  for  generating  station,  transmission  and  distribution  substations  for  Utility  and  industrial  facilities
worldwide.

• Conducted training sessions, startup and field-testing assistance in China, India & Korea.
(Contact Subhash Patel, Supervisor's Phone: 610-337-6861)

Senior Electrical Engineer
Bechtel Power Corp/PRC Envirodyne  -  Chicago, IL - May 1977 to June 1981

Power  plant  &  Waste  water  treatment  plants,  Hospitals,  Airports,  street,  highways  &  toll  roads  lighting  &
electrification. Designed low (600V) and medium (34.5 KV) voltage power distribution systems. Fire alarm &
communications systems. Standby generation, computer rooms, laboratories, clean rooms, Process, lighting,
HVAC load analysis & building energy management systems. Plant & facilities inspection for banks & financial
institutions for maintenance records, code compliance etc.
Led 10 member team for preparation of proposals/estimates, technical reports, one line & schematic diagrams,
plant layouts, systems calculations for short circuits, voltage drop, equipment specifications, shop drawing
review  and  field  acceptance  inspection  per  ANSI,  NEC,  NEMA,  IEEE  and  UL  standards.  Secured  major
engineering services contracts and completed on time, below budget resulting in fast promotions.
(Contact Supervisor's Name: Robert Fischer, 312-938-0300)

R & D Engineer
ABB Power - June 1976 to April 1977

Trained intensively to study design, manufacturing, testing of various utility, industrial & traction Power & control
products of ABB. Solid state DC motor controls.

EDUCATION

MSEE
Indian Institute of Technology - New Delhi, Delhi
June 1976

BSEE
SP University - Gujarat, IN
June 1974

