Howard Cameron

Croydon, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Howard-Cameron/0d9d5a3e6c79dc46

Share my collective experience and abilities as a leader, a team player, and an employee with an organization
that strives for success.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Lead Technician, Adaptive Equipment Engineer
Southampton Rd - August 2010 to June 2012

DUTIES:
Adapt equipment and engineer manufacturer's mechanical and electronic elements to work within the desired
specifications while maintaining the prescribed needs of the patient and caregivers directives. Responsible
for Special modifications and programming of Sip and Puff units, Head Array systems, Environmental Control
Units and utilizing Blue Tooth technology to meet the needs of the client and the clients environment. Also
involved heavily in fabricating, dressing down, or substitute parts or major new items to modify equipment to
meet unique operational needs, working from job orders, sketches, modification orders, samples or discussions
with professional caregivers.
Strong ability to evaluate electronic equipment and repair powered equipment as well as mechanically repair
manual equipment. Inspect and test malfunctioning medical or related equipment following manufacturers'
specifications and using test analysis instruments. Ability to examine medical equipment or facility's structural
environment and check for proper use of equipment to protect patients and staff from electrical or mechanical
hazards while ensuring compliance with safety recommendations and requirements. Test and evaluate medical
equipment  to  determine  serviceability,  condition  and  disposition  in  accordance  with  regulations.  Test  or
calibrate components or equipment following manufacturers' manuals and troubleshooting techniques using
hand tools, power tools, and measuring devices. Disassemble malfunctioning equipment and remove, repair or
replace defective parts such as motors, clutches, or transformers. Perform preventive maintenance or service
such a cleaning, lubrication, and adjustments to equipment. Research catalogs or repair parts lists to locate
sources for repair parts, requisitioning parts and recording their receipt. Study technical manuals or attend
training sessions provided by equipment manufacturers to maintain a strong and current working knowledge
of their equipment.

Plan  and  carry  out  work  assignments  using  blueprints,  schematic  drawings,  technical  manuals,  or  wiring
diagrams following prescribed requirements, directives or other instructions as required. Schedule in home
evaluations, diagnostics and repairs of clients powered and manual mobility equipment. Confer with customers
by  telephone  or  in  person  in  order  to  provide  information  about  products  and  services,  to  take  orders  or
cancel accounts or to obtain details of complaint. Explain and demonstrate correct operation or preventive
maintenance  of  medical  equipment  to  patients  and  personnel.  Provide  staff  with  assistance  in  performing
difficult or complicated duties. Supervise or advise subordinate personnel.

Web Site Developer, Customer Product Advisor Representative
Digital Plaza Direct  -  Abington, PA - February 2009 to August 2010

1621 Old York Rd
Abbington, PA 19001
215-657-1006
TITLE:
Web Site Developer, Customer Product Advisor Representative

DUTIES:
Responsible for website design and SEO population of home electronic entertainment merchandise sold and
being offered online. Also performed web site tests according to planned schedules, and web site product
revisions. Identify and maintain links to and from other web sites and check links to ensure proper functioning.
Collaborate with management and users to develop e-commerce strategies and to integrate these strategies
within web sites. Confer with management to discuss and determine layout design. Draw and print charts,
graphs,  illustrations,  and  other  artwork  using  computer.  Communicate  with  network  personnel  or  web  site
hosting agencies to address hardware or software issues affecting web site security or performance. Create
designs,  concepts,  and  sample  layouts  based  on  knowledge  of  layout  principles  and  esthetics  or  design
concepts. Maintain archive of images, photos, and previous work. Renew domain name registrations. Prepare
sales and inventory reports for management and budget departments. Attend company meetings to exchange
product information and coordinate work activities with other departments. Monitor sales staff performance to
ensure that goals are met.
Implemented 24 hour call center to assist in customer service issues. Resolve customers' service or billing
complaints  by  performing  activities  such  as  exchanging  merchandise,  refunding  money,  or  adjusting  bills.
Contact  customers  to  respond  to  inquiries  or  to  notify  them  of  claim  investigation  results  or  any  planned
adjustments.  Respond  to  user  email  inquiries.  Keep  records  of  customers  interactions,  recording  details
of  inquires,  complaints  or  comments  as  well  as  actions  taken.  Listen  to  and  resolve  customer  complaints
regarding services, products, or personnel. Obtain and examine all relevant information to assess validity of
complaints and to determine possible causes. Compare disputed merchandise with original requisitions and
information from invoices and prepare invoices for return shipments. Recommend improvements in product
packaging, shipping, and billing methods to prevent future customer complaints.

Associated Medical Specialties INC - August 2004 to March 2010

Operations Manager, Foreman
Bridesburg Hardware - October 1993 to February 2004

DUTIES:
Management of retail store and its employees. Direct and supervise employees engaged in sales, inventory
taking,  reconciling  cash  receipts,  or  performing  specific  duties.  Counsel  employees  about  work  related
issues and assist employees to correct job skill deficiencies. Recommend or initiate personnel actions such
as  hires,  promotions,  transfers,  discharges,  or  disciplinary  measures.  Hire,  train,  and  evaluate  personnel.
Determine schedule and assign work activities based on priority, quantity of equipment, and skill of personnel.
Monitor employees' work levels and review work performance. Patrol and monitor work areas, equipment and
employees to detect unsafe conditions or violations of procedures or safety guide lines. Complete estimates
and  actual  costs  of  factors  such  as  materials,  labor,  or  outside  contractors.  Formulate  pricing  policies  on
merchandise  according  to  profitability  requirements.  Examine  merchandise  to  ensure  correct  pricing  and
display  and  it  functions  as  advertised.  Examine  products  purchased  for  resale  or  received  for  storage  to
determine product condition. Coordinate sales promotion activities, such as preparing merchandise displays
and advertising. Requisition material and supplies such as tools, equipment, or replacement parts. Inspect,
test,  and  measure  completed  work  using  devices  such  as  hand  tools  and  gauges  to  verify  conformity  to
standards or repair requirements. Specialized in Kitchen, Bathroom remodeling and construction of additions
and decks.

EDUCATION

Northeast Catholic High School
September 1982 to June 1986

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Special Skills:
Strong working knowledge of and ability to operate office equipment. Advanced knowledge of commonly used
office computer software programs. Strong working ability in use and design of Microsoft Excel program data
sheets.

