James Lyons

Mechanical Engineer

Hatfield, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/James-Lyons/c2e0d06edc0cbae2

• Strong communication skills developed in dealing with varied contacts both domestic and foreign from widely
different industries either applying a product, solving technical problems, or guiding larger projects involving
multiple disciplines.
• Possess strong research skills to identify options required to solve problems in projects.
•  Able  to  work  on  projects  individually  or  in  collaboration  with  others.  Recently  guiding  machine  design  in
Germany via "Go To Meeting".
• Extensive knowledge of sealing technologies. Including the ability to design new seals for a given purpose
(including: cryogenic) . Something now more possible since seals are commonly machined rather than molded
to size which requires specialized equipment.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Mechanical Engineer
Carpenter Technologies - RPA Engineering  -  Reading, PA - June 2007 to August 2014

Handled several large projects:
One  to  upgrade  arc  furnaces  to  eliminate  dangerous  but  necessary  operator  duties  adjusting  electrodes
remaining in place since 1917.
• Designed to correct vacuum problems at furnaces eliminating costly stops in processing.
• Developed load cell design for remelt furnaces expected to save $1 million per month.
• The installation of a traditional grit crucible cleaner at the Reading plant.
• The installation of a high pressure water crucible cleaner from Germany for the new Athens Alabama plant
(approx. cost $1.6 million) applied for the first time in the United States. Problems within the German design
required correction and design efforts in the US.

Design Engineer
Clayton H. Landis Company - Engineering Department  -  Souderton, PA - June 2001 to December 2006

Handled design projects at three Nucor Steel plants.
• Designed and altered machinery to meet the customer's needs and desire for increased plant capacity &
ability to process new product.
• Heavily involved in the enhancement of equipment used at Nucor's CASTRIP when an unusual concept steel
facility was moved from Australia to Crawfordsville IL.
• Used my knowledge of sealing to further the quality of Nucor's in house hydraulic cylinders, troubleshoot
failed cylinders, and implemented changes to increase cylinder functional life.
• Asked to make trips to vendors to access their abilities and later design with their strengths in mind. For
example:  Coil  car  cylinders  were  changed  to  friction  welded  rods  to  increase  their  physical  strength  and
dimensional repeatability. The vendor involved had perfected this ability manufacturing cylinders for Caterpillar.

Consulting Mechanical Engineer
J. Lyons & Associates  -  Hatfield, PA - July 1999 to June 2001

Involved  with  projects  at  several  well  known  companies  in  this  area.  For  instance  DuPont,  Merck,  Rorer,
Castrol, ATO Chemical, etc. From contacts established prior to August 1996.

Engineering Manager

Pelmor Laboratories Inc  -  Newtown, PA - October 1998 to July 1999

18940
• Rehired by Pelmor to a higher position managing the engineering department and plant.

Mechanical Engineer
Eisenhower Tool Inc  -  Quakertown, PA - August 1996 to October 1998

18951
• Involved in automation, machine design, customer communications, on site servicing, and troubleshooting.
Working  with  various  local  companies  in  the  electronics,  manufacturing,  and  the  automotive  after  market
industries. Cadkey was used for design and documentation.

Sept. 1993 Consulting
to August 1996 Hatfield, PA 19440
•  Setup  a  facility  with  several  design  computers,  plotting  facilities,  running  AutoCAD.  Involved  in  machine
design, making drawings via computer and often functioned as the go between to accomplish fabrication and
inspection work clients were not equipped to do.

Product Engineer
Pelmor Laboratories Inc  -  Newtown, PA - May 1992 to September 1993

18940
• Responsible for overseeing Pelmor's rubber molded products, assisting customers with problems and new
design,  quoting  on  more  complicated  parts  (like  ILC  Dover,  AMP,  Duo  Fast),  addressing  vendor  related
problems  in  metallic  and  plastic  components,  and  implementing  appropriate  manufacturing  processes  to
enhance part quality.

Sept 1990 Consulting, Drafting
to April 1992 Hatfield, PA 19440
•  Did  manufacturing  drawings  for  R+B,  American  Alloy  Fabricators,  and  others.  In  the  beginning  using
traditional methods transitioning to computer drawings later as funds and equipment permitted.

Senior Mechanical Engineer
Sonobond Ultrasonics  -  West Chester, PA - January 1988 to August 1990

19380
• Oversaw electronic engineers, drafts people, and electronic technicians.
• Designed an ultrasonic ring welder used for making automotive air bag detonators.
• By changing how it was controlled the handheld welder used to weld shut copper tube was made repeatable
enough to allow marketing across the US and Canada. This effort allowed sales to firms like Whirlpool, Subzero,
Carrier, & Heil
• Involved with ultrasonic wire splicing at Electrowire for Ford Motor Company.

Project Engineer
American Olean Tile Company  -  Lansdale, PA - 1983 to 1987

Lansdale, PA 19446
•  Designed  and  supervised  the  making  of  several  complex  dies  for  plants  in  Lansdale  PA,  and  Olean
NY.  Typically  these  exotic  tool  steel  dies  required  many  different  machining  disciplines  (including  wire  &
conventional edm work) and were the first computer aided designs for AOT using a basic program capable
of flipping a 3D part in two planes.
• Assisting in supervising the startup of a major expansion project known as FASTFIRE where state of the art
equipment from Europe was applied.

• Supervised a 22 man newly refurbished machine shop involved in complex corporate work.
• Supervised a number of different crews involved in crafts such as woodworking, metal fabrication, production
mechanics, and electronics.

Applications Engineer
Greene Tweed & Company - 1979 to 1983

Assisted  customers  through  phone  contact  and  in  writing,  regarding  the  application  of  existing  seals,
troubleshooting of old, and the development of new seals and concepts. These customers ranged from the
users of predeveloped industrial equipment to those designing their own sophisticated equipment for use on
aircraft, military, and unusual applications of all kinds worldwide.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
Clarkson University - Potsdam, NY
1978

