Jeffrey Italiano

Product Engineer/Process Engineer

Spring City, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jeffrey-Italiano/2e78b454ea2e6e6d

WORK EXPERIENCE

Product Engineer/Process Engineer
CARSOUND EXHAUST SYSTEMS Inc  -  Rancho Santa Margarita, CA - April 2012 to February 2016

Responsibilities include the following:

Product  Engineer:  Developed  novel  catalyst  formulations,  made  samples  for  internal  amd  customer
performance  testing.  Performed  internal  testing  via  vehicle  dynamometer  Constant  Velocity  Sampling
with  Horiba  analyzer  bench,  X-ray  Florescence,  BET  surface  area  and  pore  size  measurement,  Particle
Characterization and back pressure measurements.

Process Engineer: Developed new production techniques, designed and assisted in constructing production
equipment to improve productivity quality and efficiency as well as expand into new product lines. Supervised
production of new products.

Senior Product Engineer
HYPERCAT-ACP LLC  -  West Chester, PA - January 2006 to November 2011

Responsibilities include the following:

Product Engineer: Managed sample preparation along with research and development and assisted in process
development in order to meet customer needs and establish Hypercat-ACP as an responsive company in the
industry. Developed production methods and procedures for new products for emission control. Developed and
prepared novel products for expanded applications in emissions control. Provided calibration and maintenance
for all laboratory instruments. Wrote standard operating procedures in compliance with ISO9000 requirements.

Senior Technology Specialist
JOHNSON MATTHEY CATYLITIC DIVISION  -  Wayne, PA - July 2000 to January 2006

Responsibilities include the following:

Senior Technology Specialist: Prepared emissions control catalysts for new product development, customer
applications and process development in the pilot plant and laboratory. Sample preparation includes powder
preparation via incipient wetness, hydrolysis, and milling of powders to specific particle sizes. Responsibilities
also included efficient organization within a group schedule, careful documentation of all experiments and
preparations. Responsible for calibration and maintenance of all laboratory instruments

Bench Chemist
QUAKER CHEMICAL, INC  -  Conshohocken, PA - May 1999 to May 2000

Responsibilities include the following:

Bench  Chemist,  Steel  Rolling,  Cleaning  and  Corrosion  Laboratories:  Formulated  new  products  as  well  as
modified current product formulations to meet customer specifications. Performed chemical analyses on new
and in process product samples. All data compiled in laboratory notebooks and summarized for analysis by
laboratory manager.

Laboratory Technician
ROY F. WESTON COMPANY  -  Lionville, PA - November 1993 to May 1999

Responsibilities include the following:

Laboratory Technician: Analyzed various chemical and physical properties of drinking, surface, ground and
saline waters, soils and industrial wastes via mass spectrometer / gas chromatograph.

EDUCATION

Emergency Medical Services
DELAWARE COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Media, PA
January 2011 to May 2011

Environmental Science
DOWNINGTOWN SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL & CENTER FOR ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY
January 1996 to May 1998

Chemistry
PENNSYLVANIA STATE UNIVERSITY
September 1993 to December 1995

