Jesse Hampton

Manufacturing Manager and Engineer

Ambler, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jesse-Hampton/8bb212b324b4174d

A  department  manager  and  chemical  engineer  with  over  nine  years  direct  cGMP  experience  in
pharmaceuticalmanufacturing, packaging, and supply chain management. Demonstrated success in working
collaborativelywith  team  members  to  drive  quality  and  productivity  improvement  and  to  encourage  team
members  to  achievecompany  objectives.•  Production  &  Supply  Chain  Management:  11  •  Lean  Six
Sigma  Tools:  Utilization  of  practical  lean,years'  experience  in  the  pharmaceutical  industry  in  5s,  and  six
sigma  tools  to  drive  continuousthe  areas  of  production  and  supply  chain  improvement  initiatives  in  the
areas of productivity,management, technical operations, process CAPAs, and Quality.engineering, change
control,  and  risk  management.  •  Serialization:  Led  project  management  of•  Production  Tracking:  Develop
automated pharmaceutical serialization in collaboration withproduction tracking tools to perform statistical the
Engineering department and equipmentanalysis and have a record of improving partners.productivity in three
different organizations. • Software: Advanced proficiency in MRP/ERP• Investigations: Author and approve
investigations  (SAP/JDE)  and  in  statistical  analysis.  Expert  inand  complete  group  root  cause  analysis  as
primary  utilizing  Excel  (macro  creation)  to  provide  stafftechnical  contact  for  seven  years  spanning  across
with  the  necessary  tools  for  success.three  different  organizations.OPERATIONS  EXPERIENCELANNETT
COMPANY,  INC.,  Philadelphia,  PennsylvaniaManufacturing  Manager  […]  packaging  operations  and  SAP
logistics  for  raw  material  and  packaging  components  for  the  portfolio  of  55active  products  with  varying
strengths  and  fill  sizes,  submission  batches,  and  support  product  launches.  Directedmanagement  of  30+
personnel  including  supervisors,  chem  weigh  technicians,  packers,  line  leaders  and  materialhandlers.
Supported  technician  execution  of  electronic  batch  records.  Served  as  VAWD®  representative  supervisor
forthe facility including schedule II vault and schedule III-V cage with inventory managed using SAP. Conducted
thepreparation  and  annual  inventory  destruct  of  all  controlled  drug  waste  for  packaging,  manufacturing,
and  quality.  Usedmaterial  bulk  handling  equipment  and  forklift  truck  (certified).•  Led  startup  of  2nd  shift
operations  with  minimal  staff  to  support  production  growth  as  annual  production  planincreased  from  400
million  to  600  million  annual  doses.•  FDA  audits  resulted  in  zero,  483  area  observations  attributed  to
both  responsible  departments.•  Served  as  packaging  representative  for  two  successful  DEA  audits.•  Led
comprehensive  effort  to  revise  key  operation  SOPs  to  increase  procedure  robustness  and  to  improve
qualitysystem control Using feedback from the field• Developed an automated packaging production tool that
tracks performance down to both the equipment andoperator levels, which led to decreased downtime by 30%;
results were used for staffing and equipmentproposals.• Led capital acquisition projects for new equipment
including equipment for serialization.• Led project management of serialization implementation project using
MS  Project  to  track  progress  andmaintain  timelines.•  Prepared  first/second  level  performance  reviews  for
entire staff and initiated performance management whennecessary.GLAXOSMITHKLINE (GSK), Clifton, New
JerseyFirst Line Manager […] ten direct reports, compounders and pre-weigh associates. Conducted daily
walkthroughs to sustain 5s andsafety improvements and performed risk assessments as appropriate. Used
scoreboards  and  specialized  planningsoftware  to  plan  manufacturing  operations.  Designated  department
quality  champion.  Served  as  process  engineeringrepresentative  in  executing  six  sigma  kaizen  events  and
in post-kaizen issue resolution for continuous improvementinitiatives.• Reduced process and testing errors
by  75%  affecting  "Batch  Not  Right  First  Time"  attributed  to  human  error  inthree  months  by  designing  and
implementing  a  new  performance  management  and  incentive  program.•  Championed  a  program,  "Quality
Champion  Program,  "  to  give  select  associates  opportunity  for  feedback  onquality  issue  resolution  within
the  department  and  to  develop  value  added  JDIs  and  CAPAs.•  Led  writing  of  investigations  and  change
controls.•  Performed  daily  5s  reviews  of  equipment  downtime  and  maintenance  status  boards.•  Managed
shift training compliance and coached employees to maintain quality and performance.• Designed dynamic
electronic supervisor carry over form.• Designed an excel spreadsheet that automatically trended weekly and

yearly downtime and performance,immediately printable for presentation.• Performed IQ/OQ/PQ activities for
newly designed batch recipes.WATSON PHARMACEUTICALS, Carmel, New JerseyPackaging Supervisor
[…] as direct supervisor of 25 production employees. Wrote investigations and change controls. to provideall
process engineering support for packaging.• Successfully planned and maintained production goals for one
billion annual doses plan.• Updated preventative maintenance (PM) frequency requirements and configured
automative PM system toschedule PMs.Manufacturing Engineer Associate […] as primary technical contact for
validation and special projects. Supervised maintenance and productionpersonnel. Scheduled maintenance
and GMP equipment procurement.• Developed consolidation scenarios for bottle size and recommended and
tested  the  scenario  that  saved  the  […]  Recognized  as,  "Best  of  Class,  "  for  the  JDI  MRP  implementation
team.•  Replaced  packaging  performance  monitoring  system  with  a  unified  system  that  semi-automatically
monitoredproduction's individual and collective average, variance, and % variance of 5-Line / 4-Shift operation
againststandard.• Authored the Standard Operating Procedure for Preventative Maintenance and unscheduled
repairs for thepackaging department.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Manufacturing Manager
Lannett  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2011 to Present

Managed Packaging and Chem-Weigh Operations for pharmaceutical drug manufacturing.

First Line Manager
GSK - Consumer Healthcare  -  Clifton, NJ - March 2009 to July 2011

Assistant
HOSPIRA  -  McPherson, KS - 2005 to 2007

Validated method for analytical test methods for injectable products per ICH and USP guidelines.
• Processed engineering validation for a solvent extraction process to separate API from the formulation.
• Tested a variety of product contact materials used in manufacturing to demonstrate API recovery rates for
parenteral products.

EDUCATION

chemical engineering
university of oklahoma
2000 to 2004

LINKS

https://www.linkedin.com/in/HampJJ

