Johan Ramirez

RF Engineer - Lockheed Martin Commercial Space Systems

Yardley, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Johan-Ramirez/32eeb2f5c5d5479e

To obtain an experienced professional position as an RF engineer where my education and knowledge can
be utilized

WORK EXPERIENCE

RF Engineer
Lockheed Martin Commercial Space Systems  -  Newtown, PA - 2005 to Present

Certified  Principle  Engineer  for  several  RF  boxes  for  Space  Flight  communications  payloads  such  as  Ka-
Band  LNAs,  Power  Dividers,  RF  Filters  and  Receivers.  Hardware  electrical  design  and  development  of
radiation hardened high reliability RF, microwave, and mixed signal hardware for Space Flight communications
payloads. My responsibilities include development of specifications, performance of trade analyses, execution
of detailed implementation, circuit analysis, and validation of performance of deliverable product. Products
include RF and analog circuitry for transmitters, power amplifiers, oscillators, receivers, low noise amplifiers
and  other  communications  equipment.  I  delivered  the  first  flight  top  level  box  for  the  GOES-R  program  in
2013. I have successfully completed several Critical Design Reviews for our customers. I contributed to the
completion of the design and development of multiples RF boxes such as Frequency Generator Units, Ka-
Band LNAs, Receivers and Passive RF Distribution units.

Summer Internship at Lockheed Martin Commercial Space Systems
Lockheed Martin Commercial Space Systems  -  Newtown, PA - June 2004 to August 2004

Engineering Test
• Mechanical Design Support for Spacecraft antennas
• Product Data Management Support ( PDM)
• Worked effectively in a team environment

Sales Representative
Radio Shack  -  Valley Stream, NY - 1999 to 2001

11580.
• Developed sales skills while assisting customers in a commission based salary
• Advised customers on the various products and addressed their concerns
• Worked effectively in a team environment

President of International Division Club Leo
Lions Club - 1996 to 1997

International Association of Lion Clubs,
Worked  for  the  community  needs,  leading  and  handling  meetings.  In  addition  to  normal  president  task
responsibilities such as developing new project schedules and directing group activities.
Awards
Engineering Spot Award for the GOES-R 10 MHz Reference Divider (2013)

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Electronics Engineering Technology (Avionics Concentration)

College of Aeronautics - Queens, NY
2001 to 2005

AWARDS

Engineering Spot Award for the GOES-R 10 MHz Reference Divider (2013)
April 2013
Delivery of the first payload communications top level unit for the GOES-R Spacecraft.

PATENTS

Variable SSPA with Constant Efficiency and Linearity (#US. Pat. No. 8,237,504)
August 2012
A method of fabricating a solid state power amplifier (SSPA) having variable output power, consistent linearity
over a range of output power levels while maintaining high power added efficiency (PAE).

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills
Knowledge and proficiency with RF, microwave, and communications theory and hardware including passive
circuits,  amplifiers,  LNAs,  Oscillators,  Frequency  Synthesizers,  Receivers,  characterization  and  modeling
of circuits using S parameters, circuit integration and test using bench-top microwave equipment including
spectrum and network analyzers. Effective written and verbal communication skills and proficiency with MS
Office tools. Work proficiently with circuit analysis tools such as AWR Microwave Office and HFSS. DOORS,
SAP, Project scheduling, Parts Stress Analysis, WCA, FFMEA, Excellent interpersonal, communications, and
coordination/team  building  skills,  bilingual.  Fiber  Optics,  Avionics  Standard  Practices,  Aircraft  Navigation-
Communications and Radar Systems.

