John Haeberle

Lansdale, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/John-Haeberle/b474d51f2f8ccfd7

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Engineer
COBHAM DEFENSE ELECTRONICS  -  Lansdale, PA - 1982 to September 2015

formerly BAE Systems, GEC Marconi, Tracor, & AEL)

Design and Product Support Engineer, Receiver Product
Radar Warning Receiver - 2006 to 2015

Functioned  as  a  liaison  between  engineering  and  operations  to  handle  engineering  handoff  and  product
support of various RWR (Radar Warning Receiver) circuits.
• Engineering Lead on various RWR programs such as AN/ALR-67 ASR (Advanced Special
Receiver), SIRFC (Suite of Integrated Radio Frequency Countermeasures), and AN/APR 39(V)2.
• Responsible for PBL and production repair issues on the ALR-67 IMIC (Integrated Microwave
Integrated Circuit), SFD (Switch Filter Detector), and HARM (High-speed Anti-radiation Missile)
CCA.
• Member of the test engineering team responsible for upgrade and maintenance of the ALR 67 STEs
(Special Test Equipment).
• Successfully led an obsolete parts replacement engineering effort for 2 components on the HARM
control  CCA.  All  original  specified  requirements  were  either  met  or  improved  upon,  This  resulted  in  the
production of a hybrid circuit without the additional cost of re-layout.
• Worked closely with Raytheon customer to resolve a transfer curve specification change for the SFD as well
as a specification change to the IMIC microwave insertion loss requirement.
• Participated in a CDR for a Raytheon redesign of the HARM CCA. Following the CDR, worked with Raytheon
engineers to assure the new design functioned properly.
• Responsible for designing video amplifiers for ALR 67 IMIC receiver STE along with other analog
circuit designs such as sequencing regulators and switch driver decoders used on the SEWIP Block II
(Surface Electronic Warfare Improvement Program) system.

Support Engineer, ALR
Radar Warning Receiver - 2007 to 2007

Participated on a team effort between BAE Systems, Raytheon and the Navy to set up a repair depot for
ALR 67 at the FRCSE (Fleet Readiness Center Southeast in Jacksonville).

System Engineer
Radar Warning Receiver - 2006 to 2007

Re-designed and upgraded custom analog and digital circuits, which included self-test generation and video
filtering to allow for accurate measurements of the receiver IAW specification requirements.
267-664-3792
johnhabe@yahoo.com

Design Engineer
COBHAM DEFENSE ELECTRONICS - 2004 to 2006

Responsible for the design of several analog circuits, which included voltage regulators, RF bit detectors,
VVA, and RF amplifier blanking circuits. Worked on an advance technology team to develop two proof- of-
concept Antenna Systems.

Engineering Technician, Receiver Development
COBHAM DEFENSE ELECTRONICS - 1996 to 2003

Provided  prototype,  breadboard  design  and  hardware  development  of  various  electronic  circuits  such  as
analog control circuits used in an SDLA, Video Amplifiers / Temperature Compensation circuits, switch
decoders and drivers, and bias and temperature compensating voltage regulators.
Collaborative development of several analog circuits with the Lead Engineer to design, build and test a
temperature compensated BIT / VVA, a DLVA and a high-speed switch driver / modulator.

Engineering Technician
COBHAM DEFENSE ELECTRONICS - 1988 to 1995

Collaborative development of several analog circuits such as ASR Video Pre-amp, Pulse-on-pulse
DCVA,  voltage  regulators,  temperature  compensation  circuits  for  MMW  amplifiers,  plus  collaborative
development of a wideband high-intercept, low-spurious response IF amplifier and various
voltage regulators required to bias the RF electronics of a Tuner.

Engineering Technician, Receiver Development
COBHAM DEFENSE ELECTRONICS - 1982 to 1987

Collaborative development of several analog circuits such as fast ALC circuits, RF and MW switch
drivers, MW bit detector, temperature compensating circuits for the MW amplifiers, CVA, regulator
circuits and video preamplifier / cable driver.

EDUCATION

Diploma
DeVry Technical Institute Woodbridge NJ

SKILLS

Troubleshooting,, Troubleshooting, (10+ years), Electronics (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years),
Engineering, Engineering (10+ years), Testing (10+ years)

