John Brown

Project Engineer - Philadelphia Gas Works

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/John-Brown/dbcd373b95eba8a6

Self-motivated,  experienced  engineer  with  a  sophisticated  appreciation  for  the  flexibility  and  innovation
required  in  today's  business  world.  Excellent  communication  and  problem-solving  skills,  with  the  ability  to
resolve difficult situations under adverse conditions. Well-developed leadership and people skills. Experience
includes:

• Project Management • Strategic Marketing and Planning • Cost and Budget Management
• Quality Assurance • Supervision and Training • Field Service
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Engineer
Philadelphia Gas Works  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2006 to Present

Provide  leadership  and  advanced  technical  support  in  the  areas  of  architectural  technology;  structural,
mechanical and electrical engineering; HVAC/R; fire protection and energy management systems associated
with PGW's facilities.

• Perform planning and design work for substantial multi-phase new construction, renovation, and improvement
projects for a variety of real property facilities, including utility systems, utilizing a professional knowledge of
electrical engineering.
•  Prepare  conceptual  designs  and  quantitative  criteria,  cost  estimates,  and  time  schedules  for  large  and
complex facilities and utility systems projects.
•  Supervise  contractors  and  other  professionals,  including  structural  engineers,  architects  and  building
automation technicians to complete projects.
• Coordinate projects with engineers in other disciplines or with architects.

Field Service Engineer
Delmarva Systems Inc  -  Newport, DE - 2005 to 2006

Install,  troubleshoot  and  commission  fire  and  life  safety  SCADA  and  PLC  systems  in  accordance  with
NFPA, NEC, and local authority having jurisdictions. Performed inspections and completed all required state
documentations for New Jersey, Philadelphia, Delaware, and Maryland.

Product Sales and Marketing Manager
ABB Inc  -  Warminster, PA - 2000 to 2003

Analyzed markets and managed US product strategies based on global product strategies and product life
cycle. Created competitive marketing strategies and cost models.

Sr. Applications Engineer
ABB Inc - 1999 to 2000

Instrumental in closing sales by communicating with customers, regional managers and sales representatives
in order to ensure that products are installed and utilized in accordance with sound engineering practices.

• Trained sales representatives and regional specialists on the best ways to market products in the United
States, which made the sales force more self-sufficient.
• Traveled to customer work sites in order to evaluate and assess application details and provide solutions.

Product Support Engineer
ABB Inc - 1996 to 1999

Provided timely and effective responses to technical concerns and questions from both US and international
sales  representatives  and  customers.  Maintained  in  depth  knowledge  of  ABB  instrumentation  and  control
products.

• Authored technical field alerts in order keep service technicians abreast of important product updates.
• Trained sales representatives and customers in the use and troubleshooting of control products and systems.
• Communicated customer issues and needs to product managers in order to improve market knowledge and
sales strategies.

Power Station Engineer
Allegheny Energy Systems, Inc  -  Courtney, PA - 1993 to 1996

Conceived, designed, and supervised the start-up and commissioning of cost effective processes, equipment,
and plant structures that reduce environmental impact and improve safety. Monitored and analyzed power
station reliability and efficiency.

• Wrote technical specifications for procurement of electrical systems, control equipment, and labor for capital
projects.
• Supervised multiple union craft personnel and contractors during maintenance shutdowns and planned repair
projects.
• Performed inspections and maintenance on plant systems including boiler, turbine/generator, precipitator,
flue gas desulfurization plant, and coal barge unloading facility.
• Managed disposal site for ash by-products and flue gas desulfurization sludge.
•  Maintained  and  troubleshooted  various  plant  programmable  logic  controllers  (PLC),  and  continuous
emissions monitoring (CEM) systems.

EDUCATION

B.S. in ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING
Temple University - Philadelphia, PA

SKILLS

Project Management (7 years), Electrical Engineering

