Jonathan Szap

Project Engineer - MCDONOUGH AND REA ASSOCIATES

Hamilton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jonathan-Szap/a8330dd309843ed3

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Engineer
MCDONOUGH AND REA ASSOCIATES  -  Manasquan, NJ - 1997 to March 2013

Manasquan, New Jersey • 1997-March 2013
Engineering  consulting  firm  specializing  in  traffic  and  transportation  planning  for  municipalities  as  well  as
commercial and residential real estate development projects.
Project Engineer
Prepare traffic impact studies for new residential and commercial developments. Collect and analyze current
traffic  flow  data,  including  speeds,  traffic  volume,  truck  percentages  and  peak  hour  factors,  and  forecast
future conditions. Consult with clients on findings and future courses of action. Write traffic impact reports
for  municipal  planning  authorities  and  deliver  expert  oral  testimony  as  needed.  Design  and  draft  roadway
and traffic striping plans, as well as intersection improvements. Prepare plans for traffic signals and related
electrical systems. Design and draft maintenance and protection of traffic plans.
Major Achievement:
•  Consistently  compile  accurate,  detailed  traffic  impact  studies  and  forecasts,  and  design  infrastructure  to
effectively meet current and future transportation requirements.

Acting Traffic Engineer
BURLINGTON COUNTY ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT  -  Mount Holly, NJ - 1996 to 1997

Mt. Holly, New Jersey • 1996-1997
Office charged with maintaining and improving the county's system of roads and bridges.
Acting Traffic Engineer
Directed all day-to-day operations of the department's traffic section. Prepared and reviewed traffic impact
studies  as  well  as  traffic  signal,  electrical  and  roadway  striping  plans.  Supervised  a  20-member  team  of
maintenance workers and office staff.
Major Achievement:
•  Oversaw  the  operation  and  maintenance  of  more  than  200  traffic  control  signals,  as  well  as  the  design,
installation and upkeep of striping and signage on more than 600 miles of county roads.
JONATHAN SZAP, P.E. & P.L.S. • • j.szap@verizon.net

Career Note: Previous professional experience includes roles Assistant Traffic Engineer for the Burlington
County Engineering Department in Mt. Holly, New Jersey, and Staff Engineer for Gannett Fleming in South
Plainfield, New Jersey.

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Transportation
New Jersey Institute of Technology - Newark, NJ

Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering Technology
University of North Carolina - Charlotte, NC

Associate of Applied Science in Civil Engineering Technology

Ocean County College - Toms River, NJ

