Joseph Moore

Lighting Project Engineer - SmartWatt Energy Inc

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joseph-Moore/2a400b19ce59f9fe

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Lighting Project Engineer
SmartWatt Energy Inc  -  Ballston Lake, NY - July 2014 to Present

Work in the development, auditing and design of energy efficiency lighting projects. Typical projects include
lighting retrofit and lighting control projects in the commercial, industrial, warehousing, retail and public sector
facilities.
• Participate in Customer design meetings
• Perform on-site room by room lighting audits and lighting retrofit design
• Work with outside contractors to get quotes for turnkey projects
• Work with customized software to develop economic models of projects including energy savings, material
cost,
installation, utility rebates, ROI, tax benefits, maintenance benefits, etc.
• Create detailed Photometrics to simulate and project light levels
• Work with utility rebate programs and integrate them into project design
• Develop construction plans for projects, including scheduling, work plans and drawings
• Oversee and manage the installation of projects
• Commission advanced controls projects

Field Service Engineer
ProAutomated Inc  -  Elkton, MD - November 2011 to July 2014

Commissioned Lutron advanced lighting control systems Nationwide while working from a home office. Works
included  managing  onsite  electricians  during  install  to  ensure  on  time  project  completion  and  providing
customer
training  upon  building  turnover.  Built  computer  database  and  drawings  for  processor  based  systems  and
worked
closely with building owners/ facility management to ensure system is programmed as desired. Responsible
for daily activity logs, end of week reports, as well as scheduling and planning travel for large projects.

Quality Assurance Engineer
Geostructures Inc  -  King of Prussia, PA - February 2010 to November 2011

Ensured highest quality and industry standards of field-testing activities with earthwork, concrete and structural
steel  construction  activities.  This  included  periodic  field  visits,  on-going  communication  with  clients,  and
maintaining a computer database log of daily reports. Responsible for reading and interpreting project plans
and
specifications in order to monitor contractor's work.

Electrician
D'Angelo Electric  -  Bordentown, NJ - February 2006 to February 2010

Supervised and provided hands on participation in the day to day operations of a private contracting business.

Projects  included  site  work  associated  with  development  works  including  residential,  commercial,  and
industrial.  As  the  project  supervisor,  was  responsible  for  scheduling  and  assigning  work  to  contractors.
Knowledgeable in reading and interpreting project plans and specifications. Maintained daily records which
included material receipts and contractor's operations.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering
Rowan University - Glassboro, NJ
September 2008 to May 2011

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
• Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, SQL, AutoCAD, Visual

