Jose Hernandez

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jose-Hernandez/ac72699e5a2f91c3

Detail-oriented Maintenance technician with 10 + years of experience repairing heating,
ventilation and air conditioning equipment. Proficient with hand and power tools to include
core drills, air compressors, transit and lock levels, saws, chisels, planes, rules, squares, calipers,
plumb bobs, carpenter levels, and marking gauges.

WORK EXPERIENCE

maintenance/ Engineer
SSH MANAGEMENT   -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2014 to Present

All aspecs of building maintenance. Meter readinds, Fire pump and generator testing perform monthly building
inspections to asure building repairs if needed. hvac repairs and installations, electrical repairs and installation
of light fixtures, ballast, switches, and recepticles, plumbing repairs and installations.

Maintenance Mechanic
Woods services  -  Langhorne, PA - January 2003 to May 2014

Monitor building environmental conditions, including adjusting thermostats, terminal
units and mixing boxes.
Repair and replace motors, bearings and belts.
Close out all work orders after verifying completion and reporting any discrepancies.
Maintain comfortable environmental temperatures
Maintain boilers, hot water systems, gas heating equipment and food service equipment.
Renovate plumbing and HVAC systems.
Keep accurate records of time and materials used for each job.
Troubleshoot EMS systems and VFDs.
Read blueprints, wiring diagrams, piping schemes and engineering specifications to diagnose and repair units.
Survey building layout and gathered materials before beginning repairs.

Maintenance Laborer
Gross and Quade  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2001 to August 2002

Installed drywall, ceilings, trim and fabricated replacement trim and moldings.
Aligned and squared frames and forms for installation.
Built and hung custom doors and frames.
Constructed safety provisions, including scaffolding, gang ladders, perimeter railings, fall
protection and temporary covers.
Installed interior finish items, including wall protection, doors and hardware, toilet
accessories, cubicle curtain tracks and TV brackets.
Followed established job site safety regulations and maintained a safe work area.
Operated electric cordless hammer drills and cutting torches.
Developed proficiency in stain-grade trim work, hanging doors, drilling and setting door
hardware.
Repaired roofs and flooring and remodeled bathrooms and kitchens.
Read and interpreted blueprints and construction documents to determine project
directives.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma in Empowerment and Law
University City High School - Philadelphia, PA
2000

SKILLS

Auto cad programming, Back hoe machine operator, snow plow operator,

