Joshua Hall

Electrical Engineer - Mckean Defense Group

Mount Laurel, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joshua-Hall/acf1761cc3986bec

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Engineer
Mckean Defense Group  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2014 to Present

Confidential Client, Philadelphia, PA
Project engineer responsible for assisting client with estimation for installation of new system. Also responsible
for organization of information regarding project planning and estimates.

Confidential Client, Philadelphia, PA
Electrical  engineer  responsible  for  assisting  senior  engineer  with  engineering,  modeling,  fabrication  and
troubleshooting of control panels for sub-systems of the ships.

Confidential Client, Philadelphia, PA
Electrical engineer responsible for engineering modernization upgrades to existing ship fleet. This includes
installation of new power panels and transformers while designing to military standards.

Electrical Engineer III
Jacobs Engineering  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - July 2012 to October 2014

Philadelphia Energy Solutions, Philadelphia, PA
Engineer responsible for designing overhead electrical systems to feed power to new site as well as lighting
design for railcar unloading platforms. Also responsible for AutoCAD drawing production.

P66, Linden, NJ
SIS Compressor Projects
Lead engineer responsible for designing electrical installation of new PLCs. This includes modifications to
existing switch gear, conduit routing, and instrument location plans.

ERB Project
Lead engineer responsible for designing electrical installation of overhead power/fiber optic cables. Installation
of new power distribution system to support project facilities. Preformed catenary and 3Ph power calculations
to successfully complete this project under the required time constraints.

Braskem Lab, Marcus Hook, PA
Lead engineer responsible for designing electrical installation of testing equipment. This includes installation
of new panels, transformers, MCC modifications, and conduit routing.

Electrical Engineer I
Jacobs Engineering  -  Conshohocken, PA - January 2012 to July 2012

GSK, Clifton, NJ
Electrical designer responsible for assisting project engineer with instrument and control work. Helped design
panel  layouts  and  placed  devices  with  the  help  of  P&ID.  Also,  assisted  with  the  coordination  of  panel
construction.

Renmatix, King of Prussia, PA
Electrical  designer  responsible  for  assisting  lead  electrical  engineer  for  medium  voltage  distribution.  Also
assisted for conceptual design and estimation.

Electrical Designer/Engineer
Jacobs Engineering  -  Morristown, NJ - July 2010 to December 2011

Facilities Management Group, Langley, VA
Electrical designer responsible for CAD design, site survey, and electrical estimate reviews. Project consisted
of initial site survey of over 1 million square feet facility along with the replacement of over 500 induction units.
The client has also asked for renovation of some areas which include new lighting and switching. I utilized
AutoCAD 2010 for the induction units and AGI-32 for the lighting replacement to complete this project.

China Lake, China Lake, CA
Electrical designer responsible for CAD design and changes. Project consisted of full construction of Navy test
site facility and command center. I utilized AutoCAD 2010 to successfully complete this project.

CVS, Great Falls, VA
Electrical  designer  responsible  for  CAD  design.  Project  consisted  of  room  placement  and  remodeling.  He
utilized AutoCAD 2010 to successfully complete this project.

Amtrak (Creston, IA - Newton, KS)
Electrical designer responsible for reviewing existing conditions and making the necessary changes to bring
the station up to date. My responsibilities also included coordinating with Civil for powering outside lights and
track crossings. The project varied from site to site, ranging from complete station renovations to minor station
changes. I utilized AutoCAD 2010 to successfully complete this project.

TSA (Nantucket Memorial Airport (ACK), Ithaca Tompkins Regional (ITH), Sidney-Richland Regional (SDY),
Wolf Point (OLF), Hector International (FAR), Atlantic City International (ACY))
Electrical  designer  responsible  for  review  existing  security  terminals  and  making  the  necessary  electrical
changes. Project consisted of equipment replacement and checkpoint remodeling. I utilized AutoCAD 2010
to successfully complete this project.

Electrical Designer/Engineer Co-op
Jacobs Engineering  -  Cincinnati, OH - June 2008 to January 2010

Kellogg, Terre Haute, IN
Electrical designer responsible for arc flash study, ground fault study, and back-current protection. The study
consisted of the complete Terre Haute single line. The study included but was not limited to arc flash warning
labels, fuse/breaker setting adjustments and complete redesign. I utilized SKM Power Tools to successfully
complete this project.

Eli Lilly, PR; Novartis, Holly Springs, NC; ConAgra, Lincoln, NB
Electrical designer tasked to assist project leaders with various design tasks including 120v, 480v, grounding,
lighting, single lines, data communication, and fire alarms. Project consisted of complete building redesign,
remodeling  and  equipment  replacement.  I  utilized  Microstation  V8,  AutoCAD  05  &  08,  and  Dialux  to
successfully complete this project.

Confidential Client, Clarksville, TN

Electrical designer tasked to assist project leaders and electrical design team with grounding, communication,
and 480v. Project consisted of complete building design including large manufacturing equipment. I utilized
AutoCAD 08 to successfully complete my tasks.

Jr. Estimator I
Mayers Electric  -  Cincinnati, OH - June 2007 to March 2008

Cincinnati OH June 07 - March 08
Electrical Estimator Co-Op

Christ Hospital, Procter & Gamble (snacks and baby care), SCPA: The School for Creative & Performing Arts,
Wild Flavors, Duke Energy, City of Cincinnati
As a Jr. Estimator I analyzed architectural, electrical, and mechanical drawings. Collected pricing information
on  various  pieces  of  electrical  equipment,  performed  material  take-off,  and  conducted  product  research.
Provided project teams with materials and product information in project management team meetings. Learned
and adhered to NECA guidelines and local building codes.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Electrical Engineering Technology
College of Engineering and Applied Science, University of Cincinnati - Cincinnati, OH
2012

