Kevin Grazel

Chemical Engineer

Palmyra, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kevin-Grazel/aea290371671f5a5

Relatively new engineer looking to get to know the industry better and expand knowledge base.
Experience as a research/process engineer and with analytical instruments.
Willing to relocate to: New York, NY - Philadelphia, PA - Boston, MA
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Engineer
Grupo Grunenthal Chile  -  Santiago, MN - June 2014 to January 2015

Responsibilities
Managed Andromaco plant EHS overhaul after acquisition by Grunenthal GmbH

Technical Support Engineer
Weisser Analítica  -  Santiago, MN - June 2013 to June 2014

Maintenance and repair of analytical instruments from Agilent Technologies, specialization in chromatography.
Detailed understanding of GC, HPLC, MS, and UV-Vis instruments.

Research Engineer
SQM  -  Santiago, Chile - June 2011 to January 2013

Developed a simplified model of vat leaching iodine extraction steps in Guggenheim process.
Conducted studies with electromagnetic conductance survey data of heaps to understand
behavior of heap leaching process in piles of raw caliche ore. Used gPROMS software to simulate precipitation
of salts and ion concentrations in evaporation ponds.

Private Tutor
Freelance  -  Sewell, NJ - September 2005 to June 2011

Freelanced tutoring for mathematics and chemistry at high school and university levels.

Process Engineer Intern
SQM  -  Santiago, Chile - May 2010 to August 2010

Developed models to predict behavior of critical process equipment, and designed experiments to increase
maximum product throughput.

Design and Production Asst
Demountable Concepts  -  Glassboro, NJ - June 2007 to August 2007

Assisted in proper fit and design of proprietary modular tractor-trailer load/unload systems.
Cut production times by designing a storage unit designed to support 25 tons of materials and a staircase/
railing system for mezzanine access.

CAD Drafter
PMC Mechanical Contractors  -  Ambler, PA - July 2005 to August 2005

Used AutoCad to enter hand-drawn design drafts into computer and plotted them for on-site
contractor use.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Chemical Engineering
Rowan University - Glassboro, NJ

Minor in Chemistry
Rowan University - Glassboro, NJ

SKILLS

Total Fluency in Spanish, Intermediate Level Portuguese, Experience with cGMP, Understanding of Six
Sigma and Lean Manufacturing Concepts, Experience with gPROMS, R, Rapidminer, ASPEN, AutoCAD,
ChemStation, Experience repairing Agilent instruments

