Kiran Shah

MECHANICAL SALES & DESIGN ENGINEER

Hatfield, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kiran-Shah/b92783de1d3a3be9

Highly skilled Mechanical Engineer who simultaneously fulfills two major roles: Lead Sales Engineer, providing
a complete Sales Proposal to Customer in response to Request for Quote (RFQ), integrating all sales effort
including  mechanical,  structural  and  electrical  components  of  the  bid  and  also  act  as  Lead  Mechanical
Applications Engineer, providing product design calculations, mechanical engineering expertise, sizing and
quantity  estimation  of  the  equipment.  Specializes  in  bulk  material  handling  equipment  including  Hydraulic
machinery for the Power and Mining industries. Has been Lead Sales Engineer and Mechanical Applications
Engineer  on  national  and  global  projects  of  up  to  $25  million.  Familiar  with  applicable  local  and  statutory
codes. Ensures that best design practices is applied during front end to allow for competitive local and global
procurement and construction. Collaborates with vendors to ensure that project purchased equipment meets
requirements. Core capabilities include:
• Sales strategy development
• Timeline management for Customers contact
• Vendor collaboration & procurement activityf 
• Cross-functional Team support/coordination
• Insightly/ERP system data management
• Sales Proposal development/submission 
• Booking/obtaining of Sales orders
• Sales Order execution & Customer service
• Field support & assistance
• Vendor opportunity developement
• Project Design/Engineering & Cost estimation
• Technical Specification/Data preparation
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Applications Engineer
Demco Automation  -  Quakertown, PA - May 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
• As an Applications Engineer, review customer requirement for shop machinery automation, generate initial
cocept design, send the inquiries to sub-suppliers for buy-out items, cost estimation, compilation of total project
cost, submission of the Sales proposal to Customer. 
• Collaborate with vendors to ensure that project purchased equipment meets requirements. 
• Respond to post bid questions/clarifications and attend follow-up meetings with customers in obtaining Sales
orders/contract.

Design Engineer- Level-4
FMC Technologies Inc.  -  Chalfont, PA - October 1996 to January 2015

Responsibilities:
• As a Lead Sales Engineer, review customer RFQ(s) requirement, define scope of the proposal, initiate action
plan for different departments within the company, send the inquiries to sub-suppliers for buy-out items, cost
estimation, compilation of total project cost, monitor and manage overall sales effort for timely submission of
the Sales proposal to Customer. Also manage and organize a high volume workload. 

• Coordinate and monitor structural and electrical components of the proposal.
• Collaborate with vendors to ensure that project purchased equipment meets requirements.
• Participate in senior management bid review meetings, explaining and defining costs such that profit margins
can be determined. 
• Prepare Technical Specification/Data sheets and submission of Sales Proposal to customer for bulk material
handling system equipment such as belt conveyors, belt feeders, apron feeders, hydraulic machinery, travelling
trippers.
• Respond to post bid questions/clarifications and attend follow-up meetings with customers in closing the deal
and obtaining Sales orders/contract.

•  As  a  Lead  Mechanical  Applications  Engineer,  provide  product  design  calculations,  technical  expertise  in
mechanical application engineering, quantity estimation, technical review of design and sizing calculations
associated with bulk material handling equipment provided by various sub-suppliers including:

Hydraulic Drives
Hydraulic Powerpacks
Hydraulic Couplings
Hydraulic take-ups
Pumps and hoses
Pulleys & Belting
Shafts, Seals & Bearings
Centralized Lubrication systems
Motion control products
Position control devices
Belt Scales
Vibrating Feeders
Air Ventilation Systems 
Dust Suppression Systems
Dust Collection Systems
Material Sampling Systems
Stackers/Reclaimers
Barge Unloaders/Loaders 

• Acted as Lead Sales and Mechanical Engineer for the following selected major projects:

- Mina Ministro Hales Expansion Project, Chile, South America, 2011. Copper ore handling for Codelco.
- Gaby Plant – Phase 2, Chile, South America, 2009. Copper ore handling for Codelco.
- Cliffside Unit 5 and 6 Power Project, Cliffside, North Carolina, 2007. Coal and Limestone Handling System
for Shaw Stone and Webster Inc.
- Cheswick Power Project, Springdale, Pennsylvania, 2006-2007. Limestone and Gypsum Handling System
for Washington Group.
- Huntley Power Project, Tonawanda, New York, 2005-2006. Coal Handling System for NRG Energy.
Was Lead Mechanical Engineer for a complete turnkey execution of the Coal Handling System including design
calculations, engineering and erection/testing/commissioning of the equipment at the job site.
- Indian River Power Project, Indian River, Delaware, 2005. Coal Handling System for NRG Energy.
- Asheville Power Project, Arden, North Carolina, 2003-2004. Limestone Handling System for Parsons E & C.
-  Springerville  Unit-3  Power  Project,  Springerville,  Arizona,  2003.  Limestone  Handling  System  for  Bechtel
Corporation.

-  Springerville  Unit-3  Power  Project,  Springerville,  Arizona,  2001-2002.  Coal  Handling  System  for  Bechtel
Corporation.

• Was active Mechanical Engineer for the following projects:
- Millmerran Power Project, Australia, 1999-2000. Coal Handling System for Bechtel Corporation.
- Meizhou Wan Power Project, China, 1997-1998. Coal Handling System for Bechtel Corporation.

EDUCATION

Graduate Diploma Degree in Marketing Management
SARDAR PATEL UNIVERSITY, India - Vallabh Vidyanagar, Gujarat

Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering (BSME)
SARDAR PATEL UNIVERSITY, India - Vallabh Vidyanagar, Gujarat

SKILLS

• System Design • Mechanical Engineering •Cost Estimation •Cross-functional Teams •Sub-supplier
Coordination •Management Presentations •Technical Specifications Preparation •Data Sheet Preparation
•Proposal Submission •Customer Collaboration •Project Execution •Microsoft Word •Microsoft Excel
•Outlook •Insightly Data management •AutoCAD .

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/in/kiranshah1

AWARDS

Active participation in the Meizhou Wan Power Project, Republic of China
June 2001
Provided by FMC Corporation

CERTIFICATIONS

AutoCAD 2015 Essentials.
October 2014 to Present
Issued by AUTODESK - Synergis Technologies, Quakertown, PA

Workplace Harassment
August 2014 to Present
Issued by FMC Technologies.

Company Compliance Program – Commitment to Ethics
August 2014 to Present
Issued by FMC Technologies.

Seminar on "Galvanize It"
June 2009 to Present
Issued by American Galvanizers Association.

Foreign Corrupt Practices Act with UK Bribery Summary

August 2014 to Present
Issued by FMC Technologies.

PUBLICATIONS

Marketing of Material Handling Equipment
May 1984
Dissertation submitted to Sardar Patel University during the Graduate Diploma Degree course in Marketing
Management.

