Kyle Grentz

West Chester, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kyle-Grentz/4e7f44530d7b8d46

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Facilities Engineer
Diversified Intelligence  -  Newark, DE - November 2015 to Present

Conducted facilities audits on all properties owned by the University of Delaware
Documented  all  mechanical,  electrical,  and  plumbing  equipment  as  well  as  roofing  systems,  bathrooms,
windows, and paint
Reviewed hundreds of construction drawings and documents from the last 75 years to determine pieces of
equipment still in operation
Worked  with  multiple  levels  of  management  in  Maintenance  &  Operations,  as  well  as  Planning  &  Project
Development
Conducted interviews with multiple Project and Department Managers to identify unfunded projects in both
scope and expenditures with the intent on receiving funds for implementation
Compiled  all  findings  in  the  field,  as  well  as  non-observable  equipment  from  construction  drawings  &
documents, into a database as well as projects that have already been funded

Owner
KG General Contracting  -  West Chester, PA - January 2013 to Present

Responsible for the acquisition, planning, and execution of construction projects including roofing, siding &
windows, decking, framing, kitchen and bathroom remodels, additions and complete home renovations.
Established  a  high  level  of  trust,  written  and  verbal  communication,  and  professionalism  with  customers
throughout the construction process.
Conducted and prepared energy efficiency audits for both commercial and residential clients
Prepared project proposals, 3D renderings, schedules, and invoices.
Acquired all necessary permits and worked with township inspectors.
Worked with customers and subcontractors, when necessary, to ensure projects stayed on schedule and within
the project's budget.

Project Manager
MCG Contracting  -  West Chester, PA - January 2015 to November 2015

Managed residential & commercial construction projects. 
Coordinated various industry subcontractors on multiple jobs while maintaining a high level of communication,
closure, and satisfaction with customers. 
Completed multiple large scale construction projects, both residential and commercial, while remaining on a
tight financial budget and timetable.
Managed multiple commercial and residential maintenance needs such as HVAC, plumbing, electrical, and
general maintenance.
Trained maintenance employees to adequately handle a wide range of maintenance requests from general
maintenance to various mechanical trades while maintaining positive customer relations.

Operations Manager
Hurricane Power Washing  -  West Chetster, Pa - June 2008 to December 2012

Responsible for day to day operations of washing crew.
Performed and prepared estimates for commercial and residential customers.
Responsible for vehicle and equipment maintenance.
Created  interactive  website  with  custom  forms  to  streamline  communication  between  the  customer  and
company.
Developed marketing strategies, and joined business networking groups to increase company exposure.

EDUCATION

BS in Supply Chain & Information Systems
Pennsylvania State University - State College, PA
2004 to 2008

SKILLS

Microsoft Office (10+ years), Problem Solving & Resolution (10+ years), Database Creation and
Maintenance (5 years), Residential and Commercial Project Management (6 years), High Knowledge of
Building Systems

