Mark Yackobovitz

Electrical, Mechanical, Plumbing, Civil, Rebar and Corrosion drafter/designer/Cad
manager

Parkside, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mark-Yackobovitz/17fb4d3fb956bbff

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical,  Mechanical,  Plumbing,  Civil,  Rebar  and  Corrosion  drafter/designer/Cad
manager
UTRS Engineering - 2011 to 2015

Responsible  for  design/drafting  of  waste  water  mains,  sanitary  sewer  fire  hydrant  locations  plans,  details,
BOM, 's red line distribution, completion of time lines set by project manager as well as set up of all client jobs,
FTP sites Drawing files, take offs, department billing excel & Microsoft word Spreadsheets, file management
for all disciplines. Integration of all Backgrounds as needed on a per discipline basis. Distribution of red lines
For demo and new work utilizing AutoCAD 2012, 2013, 2014 & 2015 as well as Bentley micro-station.

Structural and P&ID drafter/designer
Kuljian Engineering - 2009 to 2011

Responsible for design/drafting of complete sets of Electrical, Mechanical & Plumbing documents such as
existing conditions which include site visits as well engineers red lines and bill of materials for construction
documents of commercial buildings using ACAD 2008, 2010 2011 as well as Bentley Micro-station.

Electrical, Mechanical, Plumbing, Civil and P&ID drafter
KLG Engineering - 2006 to 2009

Responsible for design/drafting of complete sets of Electrical, Mechanical & Plumbing documents such as
existing conditions which include site visits as well engineers red lines and mark ups for construction documents
of commercial buildings and hotels using AutoCad 2006.

Electrical & Mechanical Drafter
Matern Professional Engineering - 2001 to 2006

Cad lead and set up man on Orlando and Fort Myers International airport. Hurricane restoration Project to
include rail car system lighting and power distribution as well as external power for tarmacs and parking areas
and runways

Electrical, Mechanical & Plumbing Drafter
Technical Associates - 1991 to 2001

Responsible drafting complete set of Electrical Mechanical & Plumbing construction documents, inspecting
installation process, also responsible for coordinating CAD production on Newark airport terminal A expansions
as well as multiple transit jobs working with ICF Kaiser on New York city transit authority subway and rail
systems. Using Auto CAD 12, 13, 14, and 2000. . Also responsible for all reports Of site investigations. And
existing conditions such as conduits, lighting, electrical closets, elevators, escalators, motor control centers,
motor control panels, substations, power distribution and baggage systems.

U.S Navy Electrician
Construction Electricians - 1986 to 1991

install and repair interior wiring and overhead and underground primary and secondary distribution systems
using  conduit,  raceways,  and  direct  burial  cable.  CEs  Install,  operate,  and  service  electrical  equipment,

they climb poles and towers utilizing lineman equipment. They attach and service electrical equipment (i.e.
transformers,  switching  and  protective  devices,  motors,  motor  controllers,  portable  generators  and  their
distribution systems, telephones and their systems, interior/exterior security, and portable lighting systems).
Construction Electricians prepare progress reports, time records, construction schedules, and material, labor,
tool  and  equipment  estimates  for  construction  projects.  They  act  as  project  supervisors  and  trainers  for
junior personnel. Duties include problem solving, planning, estimating, scheduling, cost control, and personnel
management.  As  project  managers,  they  plan,  staff,  direct  and  control  multiple  construction  projects,  and
they ensure compliance with specifications, code requirements, plans, and contracts. CEs maintain individual
combat readiness and perform tasks required in combat and disaster preparedness or recovery operations.

Related qualifications
Microsoft Word
Excel (Spreadsheets)
Spanner AutoCAD load tool
Bentley Micro-station version 8
Trace 7000

EDUCATION

Certificate in Drafting
Tech-Solv - Eatontown, NJ
1997 to 1998

Mechanical
Lincoln Technical institute
1995 to 1997

SKILLS

Autocad (10+ years), Microstation (10+ years)

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: Navy
Rank: E-4
July 1985 to July 1991
Construction Electrician Lineman

CERTIFICATIONS

Drafter designer
1995 to Present
AutoCAD and Microstation

