Matthew Appel

Project Engineer in the Pharmaceutical Industry

Huntingdon Valley, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Matthew-Appel/9524c846cddc2282

Talented, multi-faceted Master’s Level Mechanical Engineer with diverse engineering experiences including
design and development, manufacturing/production, real-world applications of theoretical research, electrical/
mechanical overhaul, maintenance, and testing, educational aspects/teaching. Aiming to acquire a Mechanical
Engineer or Project Engineer position (2-5 years experience) in Research and Development (R&D), Process
Engineering, Facilities, Operations, Manufacturing/Production, Quality Assurance/Quality Control (QA/QC), or
Sales Engineering. Progressive responsibility and proven expertise with:

• Demonstrated experience in R&D, Manufacturing, Assembly, Testing, and Process environments
• Familiarity with PM SOP’s and IQ/OQ/PQ authoring and execution.
• Project management
• Problem-solving, organizational, and communication (written and verbal) skills
• Data Analysis
• Exposure to Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) environment
• Various CAD programs
• Disciplined approach to troubleshooting
• Ability to read and interpret mechanical drawings

WORK EXPERIENCE

Process Validation Engineer
Zimmer Inc. TMT  -  Parsippany, NJ - 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
•  Created  Process  Validation  Protocols  encompassing  various  items  needed  to  qualify  the  Chemical
Vapor  Deposition  (CVD)  manufacturing  process.  Attended  meetings  almost  daily  resolving  conflict  and
troubleshooting key items that a potential internal QA or FDA auditor could identify as difficult to manage. This
included Product Requirements and Process Parameter Specifications. 
• Involved with the generation of Technical Reports including work order review and statistical analysis and
the review and approval associated with such a document.
•  Initiated  Engineering  Change  Requests  (ECRs)  in  order  to  make  way  for  the  execution  and  approval
of  validations.  These  documents  authorize  the  initiation  of  the  related  protocols  within  Zimmer’s  Change
Management System.
• Important team member in group for Clean Room Renovation project involving compressed air, humidifier
revisions, piping installations, and software upgrades.

Project Engineer
Jacobus Pharmaceutical  -  Plainsboro, NJ - 2013 to 2014

Responsibilities
• Composed, Routed, and/or Executed qualifications for a variety of equipment including a top-unload legacy
centrifuge, a Hitachi 20HP reciprocating air compressor, a 30 CF Gemco dryer with custom vacuum pump
assembly, the mapping of a Cool Storage Room maintained at ≤15ºC, and multiple pneumatic and electrical
pumps.

• Regularly supported progression of Gemco Validation project including revising a Sequence of Operations
Document, participating in initial cleaning protocol, and drafting follow-up initial cleaning validation document.
Also proposed preventive maintenance items to Director of Engineering. 
•  Frequently  authored  and  routed  Change  Controls  and  Deviations  through  Engineering,  Production/
Manufacturing, Quality Control, and Quality Assurance. 
•  Scheduled,  corresponded,  and  reviewed  subsequent  documentation  for  routine  HEPA  environmental
monitoring and Compressed Air monitoring.
• Scheduled and maintained Calibration master file and certification documents.
• Created site map using MS Visio that was used for Official Site Master File for items such as site layout, pest
control, product and raw material process flow, emergency exits/lights/extinguishers, etc.

Contract Project Engineer
URL Pharma (now Sun Pharma)  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2012 to 2013

Responsibilities
• Responsibilities include authoring and reviewing various Change Control Requests (CCR) to update existing
or new Preventive Maintenance Standard Operating Procedures (PM SOP’s) and also include writing and
performing Installation, Operational, and Performance Qualifications (IQ/OQ/PQ). 
• Equipment dealt with for PM SOP’s includes Collette mixers, Blenders, Environmental Control Chambers,
Tablet Presses, Coating Pans, Fitzmills, Glen Mixers, Ultima XIR LEL Sensors, Acetone Remediation System,
among others. 
• Equipment dealt with for IQ/OQ/PQ development and execution include Homogenizers/Mixers, Granulator,
Comils, and Fluid Beds (all R&D scale units).
• Assisted in the completion of other projects concerning the following: higher-efficiency QC and warehouse
lighting,  compressed  air  surveying,  HVAC,  Safety  items,  and  the  installation  of  new  employee  lockers
throughout the site.

Process Engineer
Jade Precision Medical Components  -  Southampton, PA - 2010 to 2012

• Responsibilities included administering job packages to the shop floor for the manufacture of screws and
plates  for  spinal  implants.  These  job  packages,  encompassing  over  $250k/week  in  orders,  included  the
engineering of job routers (via Vantage by Epicor and MS Query), inspection reports, drawings, and ancillary
documentation. Facilitated management with ISO 13485:2003 and 9001:2000 audits as needed, including
audit of Management Review process.
• Developed inspection reports by ballooning drawings and assigning inspection methods. Final versions of
the inspections reports were formulated after the mediation of meetings with manufacturing and quality control
personnel.
• First segment of employment period dealt with maintaining a 6-month in-house inventory (VMI), generating
shipping  paperwork  including  packing  slips,  copies  of  inspection  reports,  material  certifications,  non-
conformance reports (NCRs), and certificates of conformance and training new employees to aid with shipping,
receiving, and document control on a daily basis. Produced purchase orders as needed for supplies and for
outside subcontract operations such as passivation / anodization of parts and grit blasting. Assisted in quality
control department (inspection) when work load demand was high.

Product Development Engineer
Sonomedix, Inc., A Vasculab Company  -  Ambler, PA - 2006 to 2007

• Key player responsible for making transition of licensed technology from academic to commercial setting in
start-up environment. Responsible for furnishing laboratory area, writing test protocols so that testing could
commence to commercialize novel blood sensor coagulation technology.

• Critical results obtained, presentations organized to further investment opportunities. Conducted thorough
analysis of current competing products on the market and corresponding patents. Researched publications of
most up-to-date test methods and results to prepare for larger scale testing and develop techniques to help
strengthen our position to the medical community. Prototype modeling.

Research Assistant / Teaching Assistant
Drexel Unversity, Master's of Mechanical Engineering  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2004 to 2006

Thesis  "Characterization  of  the  Response  of  a  Collagen-Coated  Thickness  Shear  Mode  Biosensor  due  to
Platelet Activation and Aggregation", Drexel University, Dr. David Wootton, Philadelphia, PA 2004-2006
•  Developed,  tested,  and  implemented  successful  prototype  of  flow  cell  that  was  able  to  characterize  the
hemostatic condition of blood which aided in the development of a user-friendlier instrument than is currently
available.
•  Led  all  phases  of  testing  including  blood  sample  obtainment,  sample  preparation  (centrifuging,  drug
dosaging), prototype testing, raw data and image analysis, parameterization and statistical analysis, conclusion
and recommendations.
• Enabled quantification of parameters of blood flow, which were then correlated with images of biological
processes via various acoustic, electrical, and fluid mechanics theoretical relationships and instrumentation.
• Research culminated in a very technical 80-page document being presented to university personnel.

Test Director
Norfolk Naval Shipyard  -  Portsmouth, VA - 2002 to 2004

Responsibilities
• Team player responsible for isolating/processing work on nuclear aircraft carriers and submarines to ensure
worker safety and prevent damage by verifying that the numerous mechanical/electrical systems being worked
are drained, depressurized, and de-energized; secondary was to be alertly aware of the areas affected by this
isolation tagout; exposure to PFDs.
• USS Truman (CVN-75) Project Aircraft Carrier Availability '03, USS Washington (CVN-73) PIA-03: Regularly
led small teams involved in isolating, testing, and releasing work for HVAC plants and associated piping, install
of massive ship-wide fiber-optic alarm system, hot/cold potable water, firemain piping, JP-5 (jet fuel) pumping
system, ventilation ducts, duct heaters, fans; conducted test on Primary Flight Command Center console that
covered flight deck communications, lights, and catapult system.

EDUCATION

MSME in Mechanical Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
January 2004 to January 2006

BSME
Lehigh Univ - Bethlehem, PA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Word, Excel, Query, Vantage by Epicor (Process MRP), ERP, Visio, Powerpoint, Outlook, Internet research,
IQ/OQ/PQ, SOP’s, cGMP, MAPICS, Ideas, LabView, Fluent (CFD), AutoCad, Solidworks, Solid Edge, PFDs,
beginner machine shop skills, various imaging software programs, familiarity with databases (SQL), Access,
GD&T (ASME Y14.5M), commonly used inspection equipment, 21CFR […] ISO […]

