Matthew Platt

Electrical Engineer - Delaware Engineering and Design Corp

New Castle, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Matthew-Platt/85d4f607634069e6

My objective is to work in the electrical field in any position necessary to assure that a project is done in the
most professional and efficient manner possible.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Engineer
Delaware Engineering and Design Corp  -  Newark, DE - 2012 to Present

Cost estimates, scopes of work, management of CAD personnel, lighting and power design, light construction
management, and CAD work, Excel spreadsheets, Databases and Powerpoint presentations.

Electrical Engineer
Mdavis and Sons  -  Wilmington, DE - 1997 to 2011

Run crews of 6 or more, checked drawings for errors and omissions, ordered materials, filled in crew timesheets
and reimbursables.

Electrical Engineer
Mdavis and Sons  -  Newark, DE - 1997 to 2011

Cost estimates, scopes of work, management of CAD personnel, lighting and power design, light construction
management, and CAD work, Excel spreadsheets, Databases and Powerpoint presentations.

Electrical Engineer
Furlow Associates  -  Wilmington, DE - 1996 to 1997

Design and CAD work in the electrical, mechanical and plumbing fields.

Electrical Engineer
Carew Associates  -  Wilmington, DE - 1996 to 1996

1996
Electrical design, CAD work and drafting

Electrical Engineer
Endecon  -  Wilmington, DE - 1993 to 1996

Obtaining information and designing of electrical systems

CAD Designer
Hough Associates  -  New Castle, DE - 1990 to 1993

CAD work, design of control panels and electrical schematics.

Engineer in Training
DuPont Inc  -  Wilmington, DE - 1987 to 1987

1987
Design of a electrical metering system and safety awareness report.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Electrical Engineering
Widener University - Chester, PA
1988

SKILLS

CAD, MICROSTATION, VISUAL,LITEPRO, ACCESS, WORD, EXCEL

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• I have worked in many positions doing the following: power and lighting design along with Fire alarm, security,
emergency systems, lightning protection and special systems.
• It has been my responsibility to answer RFI's (Request For Information) to the contractors and to the client.
This  includes  clarifying  questions  on  the  drawings  and  initiating  design  changes.  This  would  also  include
coordinating with the different trades to answer the questions and resolve design issues.
• During construction administration problems were resolved in the field or in office, clarification was transferred
to the drawings and final drawing changes are recorded.
• Communication with the client was done during the job estimate, conception design and administration so
as to give them the best job possible. Communication consisted of request for information or forwarding of
progress prints back to them for their comments.
• Redline of drawings for Cad personnel to draft either as as-builts or new work.
• Worked on manual drawings when electronic versions were not available.
• Supervised Cad personnel and fellow designers to coordinate work for consistency and meeting of client
standards.
• Work on electrical schematics has been minimal. About 1 year experience doing various schematics and
revisions to schematic drawings
• When needed, appropriate uses of MS Office was used for example:
1. Cost estimate spreadsheets and calculation sheets were made in Excel.
2. A database on emergency power use was made in Access.
3. A presentation was done for training of non technical personnel in Powerpoint

