Michael McKinney

Project Engineer II - Baker Ingram & Associates

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-McKinney/d005bb0d05e0d567

WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Engineer II
Baker Ingram & Associates  -  Newark, DE - November 2014 to Present

Project Engineer I
- February 2013 to November 2014

Structural Engineer II
- January 2011 to February 2013

Structural Engineer I
- February 2009 to January 2011

ACI 347.2R Guide
International Building Code, AISC Steel Construction Manual - 2007 to 2010

360-05,
ACI 318 Building Code Requirements for Structural Concrete, ACI 530
Building Code Requirements for Masonry Structures, ASCE 7-10
Minimum Design Loads for Buildings and Other Structures,
ACI 347.2R Guide for Shoring/Reshoring of Multistory Concrete
Buildings, AISI S100-07 Design of Cold-Formed Steel, National
Design Specification for Wood Construction.

Engineer Intern
- June 2007 to February 2009

• Responsible for cost estimates and writing proposals for all types of engineering projects.
• Responsible for preparing, managing, and checking of structural design drawings and specifications.
• Preparation and review of calculations and design conforming to relevant codes and required
design criteria.
• Coordination of structural elements with all other disciplines including mechanical, architectural,
civil, and electrical drawings.
• Perform field inspections throughout the construction phase to ensure conformance to contract
documents and resolve on site obstacles.
• Review of contractors relevant submittals and shop drawings.
• Work directly with contractors on design-build projects to complete buildings in an economical and timely
manner.
• Work directly with manufacturing companies, chemical companies, mills, and fabricators in a
collaborative effort on additions, process expansions, upgrades, and new facilities.

FOCUSED EXPERIENCE
• Selected as contract engineer for Evraz Group S.A. when they purchased Claymont Steel in 2007. Worked
as the structural engineer for all environmental upgrades as required by DNREC and additional plant upgrades
for safety and increased production. Once upgrades were

completed work on a temporary basis. Requested for additional projects at Evraz
Stratcor, Inc. vanadium production site once Evraz Claymont site closed.

• Bid/Proposed, awarded, designed, and completed first shoring/reshoring of concrete multistory
building in company history. Have been awarded a second larger structure after successful
completion of the first building. Familiarized with codes and guides required for reshoring design
Also, created design standard and specifications to be used company wide.

• Solicited by industrial contractor to provide structural design and drawings for a dry bulk handling
mobile hopper at the Port of Wilmington. Worked in tandem as part of design-build team to construct hopper
efficiently and in accordance with Port standards as another firm had been
dismissed due to delays and incompetency. Successfully completed calculations, design,
drawings, and construction of first hopper/bin in company history. Became knowledgeable of velocity profiles,
flow modes, and the stresses created within the hopper. Created models and
excel based programs for design in accordance with these stresses and the necessary design
standards.

• Completed a 7 story vertical expansion and renovation for the Wilmington VA Medical Center.
This was one of the most technically challenging building projects in company history. Project
required installing micropiles within the existing building and reinforcing the existing structure to support the
additional loading. The replacement of three hydraulic elevators with three modern
elevators was necessary, but one had to remain operational at all times making sequencing a
major issue. Assisted the G.C. and erector with the means and methods to do this. During
installation  of  piles  settlement  became  an  issue,  which  we  provided  an  investigation  and  resolution  in
partnership with the geotechnical engineer. Provided consultation for our clients
(architect and Dept. of Veteran Affairs) in bidding evaluation and selection as well as review of contractor
change orders. Submitted design reports for every phase of the project.

• Implemented new methods for submittal and shop drawings review to increase efficiency. Also,
have created and supplied a number of design guides and programs that are used on a regular
basis company wide.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Engineering Technology
University of Delaware - Newark, DE
August 2004 to December 2008

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

EXPERTISE

Project Design/Management: Cost Estimates, Proposals, Structural Calculations, Project Plans and
Documentation, Shop Drawings and Submittal Review, Inspections,
Design Team Coordination.

