Michael Leyderman

Professional Engineer

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Leyderman/2b5d573cd0b5333c

Design and engineering of fluid systems of nuclear power plants.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Professional Engineer
URS Corporation  -  Princeton, NJ - June 1988 to May 2013

Pennsylvania
Professional Affiliations
American Society of Mechanical Engineers
American Nuclear Society

Senior Mechanical Engineer
Public Service Electric & Gas  -  Salem County, NJ= - March 1995 to July 1996

Responsible for preparation of design change packages (DCPs) associated with various HVAC safety related
systems such as Control Area A/C system, Fuel Handling Building ventilation, Auxiliary Building ventilation,
etc. Duties included engineering and design of the modified HVAC systems consisting of design analysis,
10CFR50.59 Safety Evaluations, modification instructions, field installation and testing support; preparation
and review of procurement specifications for fans, dampers, review and acceptance of vendor drawings and
documents, etc.
Selected modifications included Control Area A/C System (CAACS) upgrade, Control Area Emergency A/C
System (EACS) Cooling Coils condensate drain line water seal loop; Fuel Handling Area Heating Coils freeze
protection; Turbine Building Exhaust Fans replacement, etc.
Lead Mechanical Engineer, Chiller Upgrade Project. Responsible for the overall project, including modifications
to the reactor building, turbine building and control structure chillers. Responsibilities included development
of  the  project  scope  documents,  design  documents  for  modification  packages  in  accordance  with  PP&L
procedures and standards; major engineered procurement, vendor drawings review; design verification and
preparation of safety evaluations.
Performed validation of the HPCI/RCIC systems acceptability, controlling parameters and design features in
supporting the reactor thermal power uprate. Prepared minor modifications associated with the station power
uprate, including RCIC Turbine Steam Admission Valve and Feedwater Valve Trim replacement.
Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation, United Engineers & Constructors, Nine Mile Point Nuclear Power Plant,
Task Leader
Responsible for fluid system hydraulic calculation and evaluation for 600 MW boiler water reactor. Responsible
for  system  performance  evaluation,  recommendations  for  modification,  providing  engineering  services  to
produce hydraulic models of various plant cooling water systems to verify system pump capability to meet
system requirements and HXs performance evaluation, developing system flow requirements, determining if
required flow is available to remove design basis heat loads, hydraulic and heat transfer analyses.
Thermal Fluids Analysis Group, United Engineers & Constructors Senior Mechanical Engineer
Thermal/hydraulic analyses of fluid systems, including analyses of problems in area of fluid mechanics, heat
transfer, thermodynamics associated with nuclear plant piping systems. Two-phase critical flow, fluid frictional
losses, turbulent flow calculations including control valve sizing and analyses for fluid systems. Evaluation of
design criteria for safety and relief valves. Analyses of safety-related systems and design verification.

(f), assisting Nuclear Licensing
NSSS/BOP

Over  40  years  experience  in  design  and  engineering  of  fluid  systems  for  nuclear  and  fossil  power  plants.
Over 30 years experience in the nuclear industry, including systems engineering (NSSS/BOP), design basis
development, and plant condition evaluation (PWR and BWR plants), including nuclear power plants uprating.
Expertise includes the complete engineering cycle with regard to analyses of nuclear safety-related systems,
design  and  systems  engineering,  configuration  management  and  project  engineering.  Special  expertise  in
thermal/hydraulic analyses associated with nuclear plant performance, availability and reliability, 10CFR50.59
safety evaluation preparation, safety/relief and control valve application for nuclear power plants. Evaluation
of NSSS/BOP equipment and component capabilities associated with the Reactor Power Uprate and plant
operating conditions for the uprated power.
Expertise includes reviewing the DCD, FSAR and Technical Specifications and their verification for consistency
with design documents pursuant to 10CFR50.54(f), assisting Nuclear Licensing in preparation responses to
the NRC generic letters and bulletins to ensure compliance to DCDs, FSARs, codes, standards and regulatory
requirements. Familiar with the most NRC regulatory guides, ASME Codes, ANSI and industry standards.
URS Corporation Experience (Nuclear Projects):
US-APWR Standard Plant, Dominion North Anna Unit 3 and MNES CPNP Units 3&4, Consulting Engineer
Responsible Engineer for development of the Safety Injection System (SIS) Design Package for the system
detailed design, Piping & Instrumentation Diagrams (P&IDs) and design calculations. Responsible Engineer for
preparation, development, review and verification of the tasks associated with the US-APWR Standard Plant,
MNES CPNP Units 3 & 4, NRC COLA RAI's for the CCWS, ESWS. Preparation and review of the NA3 COLA
Change Request # NA3-09-2057, including SOFs and supporting evaluations, including review of the Heat
Loads on the ESWS/UHS during LOCA and Safe Shutdown Conditions. Review of the MHI Design Package
for the US-APWR Essential Service Water System.

Consulting Engineer
DTE Fermi

Responsible Engineer for preparation DIRs, DTRs, FTRs and supporting evaluations for the DTE Fermi-2
MUR Project, including Service Water System, Turbine Auxiliaries Closed Cooling Water System, BOP Power
Cycle Mechanical Performance.

Consulting Engineer
GE/Hitachi Nuclear Energy

Responsible for evaluation and design verification of various auxiliary systems within the Nuclear Island of
the  ESBWR  Nuclear  Plant,  including  Reactor  Component  Cooling  Water,  Chilled  Water,  Make  Up  Water,
Condensate Storage and Transfer, Service Air and Instrument Air, High Pressure Nitrogen Supply Systems, in
order to support the final issue of the Design Control Document (DCD) and COL Application for the Dominion
North Anna Site. In addition, responsibilities include design and engineering of the Equipment and Floor Drain
System (EFDS) for the

Responsible Engineer
ESBWR Nuclear Plant  -  Philadelphia, PA

and the Reactor Component Cooling Water System (RCCWS).
Carolina Power & Light (CP&L), Shearon Harris Nuclear Power Plant, Power Uprate Project, Senior Mechanical
Engineer
Responsible  for  review  and  evaluation  of  the  NSSS  systems,  equipment  and  component  capabilities  to
support the Harris Nuclear Plant (HNNP) Unit 1 Power Uprate Program, which allow operation of the plant at
NSSS thermal power of 2912 MWt. The scope of the NSSS assessment at power uprate conditions included
preparation of the engineering evaluation reports for the following systems: Safety Injection (SIS), Residual

Heat Removal (RHRS), Chemical and Volume Control (CVCS) and Containment Spray (CSS). Duties included
review and revisions of the safety-related calculations and design change packages to ensure that the NSSS
functional requirements for power uprate conditions are satisfied and the system critical parameters meet the
system design basis for power uprate operation.
Philadelphia Electric Company (PECO Energy) - Nuclear Group Headquarters, Limerick Generating Station
and Peach Bottom Atomic Power Station, Senior Mechanical Engineer
Responsible for preparation of 10CFR50.59 reviews and safety evaluations for various modifications at Peach
Bottom Atomic Power Station (PBAPS) as part of the Thermo-Lag Reduction Project, including Emergency
Switchgear and Battery Rooms, Fan Room and Recirculation Pump M-G Set Room (Lead Engineer). These
modifications provide upgraded fire detection and suppression systems in areas of the plant where an upgrade
to a three-hour fire rated encapsulation for safe shutdown cables is not feasible. Responsible for preparation
for various modifications for the Limerick Generating Station to support the Turbine Retrofit Project.
Responsible for preparation of an engineering analysis for a Station Blackout (SBO) to determine a mechanical
loading timeline and RCIC/ HPCI System loads as the basis for the design adequacy assessment of the Peach
Bottom Station 125 VDC Batteries in accordance with NUMARC 87-00.
Responsible for mechanical and HVAC portion of the Chemistry Laboratory Expansion of Limerick Generating
Station,  including  development  of  design  documents,  safety  evaluations  and  FSAR  updates,  calculations,
vendor drawings, etc.
Responsible  for  dispositions  of  Nonconformance  Reports  related  to  hardware  and  other  deficiencies  with
various safety related systems of Limerick Generating Station (LGS) and Peach Bottom Atomic Power Station
(PBAPS), 10CFR50.59 Determination and Safety Evaluations, initiating changes to the Updated Final Safety
Analysis Reports (UFSARs), preparation of Engineering Work Requests (EWRs). Responsible for preparation
of  modification  packages  associated  with  nuclear/mechanical  systems/components,  including  HPCI  room
cooler  ESW  return  line  replacement  with  new  isolation  valves,  corrosion  monitoring  system  of  RHR  Heat
Exchangers for LGS. Primary responsibilities included preparation and review of technical specifications for
nuclear safety related valves.

Nuclear Power Plant, Systems Engineering Department, Senior Mechanical Engineer
New York Power Authority

NYPA),  NYPA  Nuclear  Engineering,  Design  Engineering,  Indian  Point  3  Nuclear  Power  Plant,  Systems
Engineering Department, Senior Mechanical Engineer
Responsible for technical support to the assigned plant modifications in the form of reviewing, directing and
coordinating project activities.
Responsible for monitoring engineering, design and construction activities, including preparation and review of
Engineering Change Notices (ECNs), FSAR updates, accepting the work performed by design organizations,
providing support in preparation and execution of tests for plant modifications.
Responsible for turnover of various safety related modified plant systems and components to the Operation
Department following a complete modification; responsible for modification closeouts, ensuring that documents
such as design calculations, analyses and plant drawings.
The selected modifications included elimination of the Boron Injection Tank (BIT), replacement of the Reactor
Coolant Pump Header motor operated valves (MOVs) functioning as containment isolation valves; replacement
of the isolation valve for the Charcoal Filter Dousing Unit; addition of the Automatic Starting Diesel Compressor
to the Station Air System, retrofit of the Main Boiler Feed Pump Discharge Stop Valves (MOVs) in response
to the NRC GL89-10; replacement of the Pressurizer PORVs; replacement of the Temperature Control Valve
for the Non-Regenerative Heat Exchanger; replacement of the Pressurizer Spray Valves.
As a Senior Contract Engineer within the Systems Engineering Department, responsible for providing technical
support to the System Engineers (NSSS Group), including preparation and review of nuclear safety-related
calculations, design basis documents for safety related systems, operability determinations, extent of condition
system reviews, operating and surveillance procedures, resolving discrepancies between plant configuration

and  design  documents,  systems  walkdowns,  revisions  of  emergency  operation  procedures,  etc.  Provided
support for preparation of responses to the NRC inspections, including the following systems: Reactor Coolant,
Safety  Injection,  Containment  Spray,  Component  Cooling,  Spent  Fuel  Pit  Cooling,  Chemical  and  Volume
Control, Nitrogen Supply, Containment Isolation, Auxiliary Feedwater, etc.
Responsible  for  validation  of  the  IP3  FSAR  Update  to  resolve  discrepancies  between  the  FSAR  and
plant procedures, for preparation 10CFR50.59 Nuclear Safety Evaluations (NSEs) and Nuclear Safety and
Environmental Impact (NSEI) Screens.
Responsible for a response to NRC GL96-06 in evaluation of thermally induced overpressurization of isolated
piping. Responsible for review and evaluation of safety-related pump minimum flow requirements.

Sequoyah,  Brown's  Ferry  and  Watts  Bar  Nuclear  Power  Plants,  Senior  Mechanical
Engineer
Tennessee Valley Authority

Provided technical direction and consultation to the Heat Cycle and NSSS Engineering Department, including
independent review of calculations, specifications and design criteria for nuclear/ mechanical components.
Provided support to plant modifications and refueling outage activities, and performance of plant condition and
safety evaluation, including analyses of nuclear plant fluid systems. Established and evaluated safety-related
system's functional requirements and performance criteria for Sequoyah Nuclear Plant restart test program.
Provided responses to NRC Generic Letters, Bulletins, Information Notices on various technical issues.
Fossil Projects: Saltend Cogeneration Project, 1200 MW Combined Cycle Cogeneration Plant, England, Senior
Mechanical Engineer
Responsible  for  engineering  support  and  activities  for  the  plant  startup,  including  preparation  and  review
of  Engineering  Change  Notices  (ECNs),  providing  design  recommendations  for  plant  modifications  and
equipment adjustments. Selected major tasks included:
-Modification  of  the  plate  heat  exchangers  of  the  Condenser  Exhaust  Vacuum  Pump  Skid  to  achieve  the
required cooling water design flow through the vacuum pump cooler.
-Modification of the Process Steam ASME Code Safety Relief Valves to meet the requirements of the British
Petroleum (BP) Chemical Site adjacent to the plant (not to exceed 20 barg supply pressure to the BP facility).
-Modification of the condensate piping (water loop seal and a steam trap) -associated with the Gland Steam
Condenser in order to achieve satisfactory continuous operation of the condenser.
-Verification  of  the  installation  requirements  for  the  large  butterfly  valves  (18  inches  to  66  inches)  and
compatibility of piping connections.

Senior Mechanical Engineer
Sithe Edgar Development, LLC  -  Weymouth, MA

Responsible for design and engineering of various essential systems and equipment, including preparation
and review of specifications, procurement activities, bid evaluation, vendor drawings and documents review,
engineering calculations and design verification. Primary responsibilities included engineering activities for the
following mechanical systems and equipment:
-Fuel Gas Supply System and major equipment, including Fuel Gas Compressors, Scrubbers, Coalescent
Filters, pressure control valves, etc.
-Feedwater Heaters for the Heat Recovery Steam Generators (HRSG) designed to heat the condensate supply
to the Low Pressure (LP).
Carbon Dioxide Storage and Supply Skid designed for the Purge System for the Gas Turbine and Steam
Turbine Generators.

