Michael Andrus

Founder/CEO - WEFEEDUS, INC

Jamison, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Andrus/e693a38001f0e45e

WORK EXPERIENCE

Founder/CEO
WEFEEDUS, INC - April 2014 to Present

Recognized that scalable hydroponics is the future of agriculture. Created a sustainable resource
management company that provides an eco-centric, commercial-scale model to produce organic produce.
Developing innovative technology that allows WeFeedUs to strategically establish agricultural innovation
centers throughout the United States and abroad, supplying a range of sustainably produced foods that are
regionally grown and transported a minimal distance. Delivery of the produce is local (within 500 miles)
increasing freshness and decreasing food miles and shipping costs.

Co-Founder / Principal
WEFEEDUS, LLC  -  Carlisle, PA - August 2012 to April 2014

Founded and built one of the largest commercial Aquaponic facilities in the US. Created and executed the
design and implementation. Successfully built team and signed commercial offtake agreements. Managed
every aspect of the business including concept, design, implementation, talent acquisition, sales,
marketing,  social  mission,  community,  environmental,  PR,  WeFeedUs  produces  sustainable  protein  and
vegetable crop using aquaponics on a commercial scale. 90% water savings, Increasing food security,
year round food production, high production/small footprint, organic, no pesticides or herbicides,
reducing food miles and carbon foot print, creating local jobs, made in the US, local distribution. Plans
include algae production for high-value, proprietary, protein rich, fish food, and other co-products. Urban
agriculture innovation center.

Chief Global Development Officer
BARD HOLDING, INC  -  Langhorne, PA - March 2011 to August 2012

Responsible for global business development and "go to market strategy". Tasked to create vision and achieve
global market share in algae biomass industry. In addition, provide subject matter expertise in
business development, talent acquisition, HR- (Healthcare/payroll /onboarding/deployment). Identify IP
legal representation/D&O Insurance broker/ Interim CFO, IT Outsourcing and capital asset protection.
Nurture joint ventures and investment opportunities. Closed on private investments and identified and closed
joint venture funding. Identified and nurtured European financing and partners. Coined algae "co-
products". Identified and was market maker for algae biomass feedstock, bio-chemical, pharma, nutra,
fuel, and other uses. Traveled throughout Europe (UK, France, Belgium, and Germany) creating strategic
relationships regarding economic development relative to the algae market place.

Director
VOLT WORKFORCE SOLUTIONS  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2010 to March 2011

Manage the talent acquisition and deployment for all contract, contract to hire and full time placements for a
$2.4B staffing company with over 300 global locations. Responsible for the development of new
business for Philadelphia, Bucks County and Major Accounts. Manage relationships with National
Accounts such as Amtrak, Wachovia (Wells Fargo), GSK, SunGard and more. Areas of expertise include
IT, Engineering, Life Science, Finance, Accounting, Administration, and Light Industrial.

President / CEO
APROVISO, INC  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 1999 to January 2010

Direct the operation of a Technology Management company that provides IT solutions to companies'
worldwide,  with  a  vertical  emphasis  in  the  life  science  and  healthcare  industry.  Aproviso  specializes  in
regulatory compliance (21 CFR Part 11, HIPAA), information security, clinical trial automation and
systems integration. Prospected and closed all business since inception. Expertise in regulatory
compliance, IT staffing, outsourcing, project development, management and implementation for Fortune
500 companies. Responsible for the contract, contract to hire, and full-time placement of entry to C-level
consultants. Achieved success in staffing and implementing major network infrastructure support
projects, and development contracts. Achieved success in performance management, increasing
profitability, new business, and vision for the future. Most recently was on contract with
Proconex/Valspec to recruit Process Control Engineers/Validation Engineers for 5 companies.
Successfully placed contract and full time employees. (Offices at the Science Center)

President / CEO
ANDRUS ASSOCIATES, INC  -  Langhorne, PA - January 1993 to January 1999

Founded and managed to successfully achieve the vision of a technology management company
specializing in "Desktop Services", the contract and full-time placement of Information technology
professionals, "Internet Services", Web design, programming, development, security, commerce and hosting,
"Education Services", the personal computer desktop application training, Microsoft Certification and Prometric
testing. Personally responsible for over $2 million in revenue per year.

National Account Executive
COMPUCOM SYSTEMS / DATA GENERAL CORPORATION  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 1985 to
January 1993

Responsible for developing business relationships with a set of corporate customers for the resulting
sales, installation and support of PC products and networking solutions. Established impressive customer
set consisting of Arco Chemical Co., Ernst & Young, Siemens Information Systems, and Towers, Perrin.
Individually achieved over $2.5 million in annual sales. Top performer status.

Head Men's and Women's Diving Coach
VILLANOVA UNIVERSITY - 1985 to 1985

EDUCATION

BACHELOR OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION in MARKETING
Temple University - Ambler, PA
1985

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILL HIGHLIGHTS

• Clear vision • Great work ethic
• Precise execution • Exceed expectations
• Confident business professional • Goal oriented
• Consistent top sales achievement • Skilled negotiator
• Ability to effectively communicate • History of success
• Deep knowledge of marketplace • Experienced closer

• Executive management • Subject matter expert
• Sales professional • Proven team leader
• Strategist • Innovative approach
• Business development leader • Maximum results to bottom line
• Maximize resources • Effective mentor

