Moussa Cisse

Resident Engineer

Morrisville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Moussa-Cisse/671e3a9dbbaf8d9a

To obtain a position as a Resident Engineer/ Project manager at Construction Management Office.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Resident Engineer
NYCT/ MTA  -  New York, NY - June 2003 to Present

Responsibilities
Consultant for New York City Transit/ MTA to work with other engineer to develop conceptual ideas, provided
feasible  studies,  and  design  for  infrastructure  in  flood-prone  areas  under  category  2  &  3  hurricane  storm
surges  for  near  and  long-term  flood  mitigation/resiliency.  Resident  engineer  and  responsible  of  managing
multi-discipline project management team during construction of emergency exits, fan plant vents, subway
entrance, and conduits entrance to EDR, EPR, manholes, NYCT yard retaining wall, and tunnel segments
etc to be watertight. Prepare payment, AWO and negotiate change order. Schedule, conduct kicks off and
progress meeting during construction. Prepare budge program and force account plans for proposed project.
Also work with procurement and legal for extension of time. Requested of General Order (G.O). Mentor and
provide guidance to contractors working on NYCT small business program.

Project /Field Engineer
Jacobs Engineering/URS  -  Long Island City, NY - April 2010 to June 2013

Project Engineer, Jacobs’s engineering/URS, NY, USA (East side Access/NYCTunnel) 
Project engineer and supervise inspectors’ staff on the East Side Access tunnel construction -$1 billion project
for MTA CPM. 
• Assure that proper document control, quality assurance documentation and construction project records are
kept electronically and hard copies by field office during tunnel construction. 
• Coordinate with General contractor for the construction and final inspection of Tieback, Soil nail, jet grouting,
chemical grouting, ground freeze, dewatering, sewer line, mini pile, underpinning, sewer line relocation and
blasting. 
• Responsible for performance decisions and construction sequencing
•  Participates  in  planning  cost  development  and  management,  change  order  and  scheduling  for  assigned
projects.
• Works with construction manager and other Project personnel in establishing Project procedures.
• Provide some technical guidance to less experienced design, inspectors and engineering personnel. 
•  Directs  activities  to  ensure  that  construction,  installation,  and  operational  testing  conform  to  functional
specifications, recognized codes, standards, and customer requirements
• Assist in preparation of final as built plans and reports
• Work around railroad lines, Substation (high voltage, AMTRAK catenary), Transformer installation, highway/
transportation and tunnel construction. Maintain an awareness of safety and health.

Engineer in Training for School Construction Authority (SCA)
Municipal Testing Laboratory  -  Hicksville, NY - June 2007 to April 2010

USA
• Concrete and Mortar inspector as per ACI code, Sunset Park High School, Brooklyn, NY
• Soil compaction, HS 43, Staten Island, NY 10314

• Vibrator and sheeting monitoring, Port Washington Water Treatment plant, NY

Assistant Construction Manager
New York Concrete  -  Staten Island, NY - June 2009 to March 2010

SI, NY, USA
Project Worked on: Harlem Hospital extension $ 5millions; CCNY Excavation $10millions
Duties: coordinate project document Prepare and send Request for Proposals (RFP), Coordinate receipt of
vendor’s proposals and assemble for review by Construction Managers, Assemble bid packages and send
out to subcontractor, Prepare contracts and purchase orders, Log proposed Change Orders and tract review/
approvals in Change Order Management application, Coordinate with owner team to maintain and exchange
project information. Report to construction Manager. Other special projects as assigned. 

.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Construction Management Engineering Technology
Farmingdale State College - Farmingdale, NY
December 2008

A.S. in Architecture
College of Staten Island - Staten Island, NY
June 2006

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Strong communication skills; fluent in speaking, reading, writing in English and French
• Detail oriented, well-developed problem solving abdsilities
• Certified in ACI Concrete Field Testing Technician
• Able to read and interpret construction plans; knowledgeable in AutoCad and Kadkey
• Able to work independently and as a cooperative team member working shifts is not a problem
• Overseas Experience (Japan and Ivory Coast/Africa)

COMPUTER SKILLS: Microsoft Word, Excel, Auto Cad, building models MS Word, MS Power Point

