Raymond Harwood

Assistant Plans Examiner/Engineer

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Raymond-Harwood/101cf8ea93f1054c

To  use  my  Building  Code  Enforcement,  Computer  Aid  Drafting  (CAD)  experience,  and  Construction
Management knowledge to work in the Private or Governmental construction related industry.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Plans Examiner/Engineer
City of Wilmington, Department of Licenses and Inspections  -  Wilmington, DE - February 2008 to
December 2012

Feb. 2008 - Dec. 2012
Wilmington, Delaware USA.

Assistant Plans Examiner/Engineer
Reviews building plans, contract documents, specifications and checks calculations of complex buildings to
insure  compliance  with  currently  adopted  codes  and  the  City's  building,  plumbing,  and  mechanical  codes;
approves building permit applications prior to permit issuance; calculates building permit fees.
--Prepares and maintains records of plans, plan reviews, inspections, letters and reports prepared or used in
connection with all building permits.
--Responds to questions regarding adopted codes from property owners, developers, contractors, engineers
and architects; advise and interprets codes.
--Coordinates plan review and approvals with all other city departments for which approval is required as a
precondition for a building permit.
--Attends meetings and workshops and reads technical literature to keep current on codes.
--Maintains and updates plan review log and computer plan tracking system. Inspects new buildings, additions
to and alterations of existing buildings for compliance with the currently adopted editions of the International
Building, International Residential, International Mechanical, International Plumbing, International Fuel Gas,
National Electrical and International Energy Conservation Code.

CAD Operator
Base Group, Incorporated  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2005 to December 2006

Assist in the designs and drafting of plans for new and renovated projects
Make site visits for survey and inspections of new construction, and proposed renovations.
Prepare working drawings from rough sketches and notes, according to dimensional specifications.
Modify drawings as directed by engineer.
Do quantity take-off and tabulation for bid submission.
Place orders for construction materials.

EDUCATION

Construction Management
Delaware Technical Community College

Associate in Computer Aid Drafting and Design
Philadelphia Community College

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
Thorough knowledge of the Permitting Process from start to finish.
Utilizes Plan Analyst Software in Plan Reviews.
Computer Aid Drafting and Design (CAD) Operator.
Utilize Estimating Software

