Richard Slough

Design / Manufacturing Engineer

Royersford, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Richard-Slough/4fcf40a089403361

Experienced  in  hardware  /  software  development  and  testing  in  an  ISO  9000  certified  industrial  process
control company. Also experienced in the support of medical device manufacturing, trained on ISO 13485
standards and electronic records and signatures regulations 21 CFR part 11. Proficient in the use of Microsoft
Office Suite, SolidWorks, AutoCAD, Adobe Illustrator, and Visio CAD software, as well as most hardware test
equipment. Capable of producing mechanical fabrication and assembly drawings, electrical wiring drawings,
and schematics.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Design Engineer
Triumph Engineering Group  -  Malvern, PA - July 2010 to January 2016

• Reverse engineer mechanical assemblies creating 3D models and part / assembly drawings.
• Research industrial products to identify attributes to be used in a database for on line product search.
• Perform quality check of data entered into database.

Project Engineer
St. Jude Medical  -  West Berlin, NJ - March 2009 to July 2010

•  Developed  and  performed  validation  test  protocols  to  qualify  design  changes  and  improvements  to  the
companies' medical instrument and manufacturing process
• Investigated customer complaints and resolved and closed reported non-conformances.
•  Created  and  maintained  drawings,  work  instructions,  travelers,  labeling  and  specifications  for  new  and
existing products.
• Provided manufacturing engineering support for product production and assembly operations.

Production Engineer
Parker/ KV Pneumatics  -  West Chester, PA - April 2006 to November 2008

• Participated in the design and testing of customer specific pneumatic control solutions.
• Assembled and tested prototypes of new products
• Produced and maintained manufacturing assembly and test procedures, drawings, and bills of materials for
designed products.
• Designed and produced assembly aids and test fixtures.
• Developed routing and time standards.

Manufacturing Engineer
Therakos Inc  -  Exton, PA - June 2003 to December 2005

Provided  engineering  support  to  the  company's  contract  manufacturers,  assisting  them  with  resolving
manufacturing  problems  and  non-conformances  encountered  during  assembly  and  test  of  the  company's
products. Additional responsibilities include:

•  Developing  and  performing  test  protocols  to  qualify  and  validate  changes  and  improvements  to  the
companies' medical instrument and manufacturing process.

•  Implementing  and  tracking  corrective  and  preventive  actions  resulting  from  root  cause  analysis  of  non-
conformances and evaluate the effectiveness of the actions.
• Participate in material review boards to determine response to non-conformances.
•  Research  and  recommend  improvements  to  product  manufacturing  process  and  develop  test  and
qualification protocols for implementation
• Supporting documentation management in the development and maintenance of product specifications and
SOPs

Sr. Engineer, New product development
Metso Automation MAX Controls  -  Lansdale, PA - 1990 to 2002

Managed the pre-production and release of new products to manufacturing. Created user documentation for
new products. Assisted in resolving manufacturing and field problems. Coordinated all hardware and software
design changes. Wrote and performed test procedures for validation of system hardware, Workstations, and
custom software applications (Visual C++ and Visual Basic). Enhanced and debugged custom Visual C++ and
Visual Basic control system applications. Designed functional test equipment, and valuated replacements for
discontinued purchased components and hardware.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Electrical Engineering Technology
Temple University - Philadelphia, PA

CIS in including Programming
Montgomery County Community College - Blue Bell, PA

SKILLS

SolidWorks 2015 Essential, Drawings & Advanced Assembly (1 year)

