Samuel Bethea

Bordentown, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Samuel-Bethea/484c3ff4432374ed

WORK EXPERIENCE

Director of Engineering
Tronox  -  Green River, WY - July 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
Responsible for developing the strategy and executing the mission of Engineering, Technology and Process
Control, for a Mining and Chemical Processing Facility.

Responsible for delivering a Capital Project Portolio of Projects that range from $25M to $60M per year.

Responsible for providing technology solutions to Seven independent operating facilities.

Accomplishments
Implemented a Lean/Sigma program within the Engineering Technology group to assist with value creation
and solution building.

Two years of delevering on 100% of Capital Budget on time and at Budget.

Developed new planning process to improve long range planning while integrating operations reliability into
the capital allocation process.

Transformed an authority based team into a self directed collaborative engaged work team.

Skills Used
Leadership Capability and Agility

Organizational Development

Technical Strength and Breadth.

Process Excellence Integration

Vice President of Engineering Services
SDI  -  Bristol, PA - November 2012 to July 2014

Responsibilities
Develop Cost Savings Plans to reduce MRO spend for Enterprise Clients.

Develop and lead a national network of Reliability Engineers.

Create extended engineering services that creat organic growth opportunities with existing clients.

Offer distinctive programs that are designed to improve sales opportunities with potential clients.

Accomplishments

Development of an Engineering Services organization as an extension of the core business offering.

Installation of a lean six sigma program to establish internal business excellence.

Completed plans that deliver 10% of spend to clients on average.

Skills Used
Leadership - A proven leader able to originate new ideas and invest people in a vision that extends the current
position to a new operating position.

Strategic Planning - able to examine the environment And create plans that are distinct, creative, productive
and effective.

Best Practice Programs - Able to provide best practice programs that enhance to operating performance of
an organization.

Director of Reliability
McCormick  -  Hunt Valley, MD - June 2012 to November 2012

Responsibilities
Lead Reliability Program for the US Industrial Division.

Review and direct TPM, and Six Sigma Changeover Improvement process.

Development of Key Performance measures and improvement of manufacturing efficiency measurements.

Accomplishments
Successful Changeover reduction program. 40% reduction in Changeover times.

Improved maintenance performance using formal Planned Maintenance best practices. 

Improved Availability and downtime. 

Skills Used
Leadership - Direct a network Industrial Engineers

Total Productive Maintenance (TPM) 

Lean/Sigma

EDUCATION

Executive MBA in Business
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
2009 to 2011

BS in Electrical Engineering
North Carolina A&T State University - Greensboro, NC
1981 to 1985

SKILLS

CMRP (6 years)

AWARDS

Pro To Know
2014
Awarded as a Professional to Know in reference to overall knowledge of Supply Chain Operations

