Sean Mcmenamin

Building Engineer - Parc Rittenhouse Condominium Association

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sean-Mcmenamin/8027f4989096efe1

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Building Engineer
Parc Rittenhouse Condominium Association  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2007 to Present

Responsibilities
Philadelphia, PA 
Assist in the planning and implementation of maintenance strategies and programs to promote a proactive,
skilled, and comprehensive maintenance department. We deliver service levels providing optimal performance
of equipment and systems meeting the needs of building operations. I am part of a team of seven engaged in
the overall maintenance and property management for the Condominium Association. Our goal is to provide
a safe and efficient living environment for all residents and tenants.

Key Accomplishments:
• Collaborated and assisted with major building conversion from Apartments to Condominiums.
• Galvanized Pipe Replacement Project: Assisted with the replacement of deteriorated galvanized domestic
water piping left behind during the renovation. Helped plumbing contractor reroute new mains and place riser
valves in common areas. Coordinated the final stage which required tying in the new copper risers supplying
occupied units from the 6th to the 3rd floor. Tagged and identified each riser for future reference.
• Boiler Project: Assisted and helped coordinate installation of high pressure natural gas service to the building,
reducing operating costs by 75% vs. fuel oil.
• 250 Ton Chiller Installation Project: Coordinated and helped supervise installation of 250 ton chiller, reducing
overall electrical consumption by 40% vs. operating on the less energy efficient 500 ton chiller.
• Currently assisting in the demolition and renovation project of the 2nd and 3rd floors. These floors were
originally zoned commercial and have since been zoned residential.
• Coordinate and oversee all shutdowns and startups of pumps, chillers, boilers and cooling towers.
• Extensive knowledge of HVAC systems.
• Extensive knowledge of fire and sprinkler systems.
• Extensive experience in pool maintenance, including testing and calibrating chemical levels, seasonal startup
and breakdown of pool equipment.
• Monitored daily construction activities on several custom construction fits outs of private residences.
•  Responsible  for  all  in  unit  maintenance  as  requested,  including  minor  electrical,  plumbing,  HVAC  and
painting.
• Assisted in the implementation of the following Preventive Maintenance Programs:
1. Toilet Retrofit Program
2. HVAC/Plumbing Preventive Maintenance Program
3. Corridor and Common Area Maintenance Program
4. Garage Lighting Improvement Program
5. LED Lighting Upgrade Program

Building Maintenance
Rittenhouse Regency Affiliates  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2003 to 2007

Assistant Manager
CVS Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1999 to 2003

Was responsible for training and supervision of new employees. Provided high standard of customer service.
• Logged inventory of stock, received and unloaded shipments. Was responsible for maintenance repairs as
needed.

SKILLS

HVAC, Carpentry, Electrical, Plumbing

