Seife Gebre

Building engineer/ Plant Operator/maintenance technician - SCHOOL DISTRICT OF
PHILADELPHIA

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Seife-Gebre/bc84d44337ca4da1

My aim as an experienced steam and water plant and various types of chillers operator would be to utilize my
dedicated experience in a constrictive and rewarding way within a challenging and productive environment
that offers advancement and opportunity for success.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Building engineer/ Plant Operator/maintenance technician
SCHOOL DISTRICT OF PHILADELPHIA  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2001 to Present

To provide a safe, comfortable and hazard free environment for students and staff.
Maintain and operate various chillers as well as high and low pressure boilers.
Perform  scheduled  and  preventive  maintenance  on  automatic  plant/boilers  and  related  equipments,  Air
conditioning and refrigeration, equipments.
Perform a regular maintenance and scheduled testing on sprinkler system.
Test for the proper operation of fire alarm system and keep logs on a daily basis.
Perform scheduled testing on emergency generator and Check for oil levels regularly.
Grease various types of pumps and replace leaking seal.
Perform minor electrical works such as light fixtures and receptacles replacement, test and replace fuses,
ballast, and bulbs and troubleshoot electrical problems such as building PA systems, audiometers, smoke
detectors on HV units, and on various alarm systems, etc.
Perform minor carpentry such as replace door knobs and locks, door hinges, replace or fix panic bars on doors,
install furniture and etc.
Diagnose and correct problems accurately and promptly; communicate with the shift manager, maintenance
manager, and engineers.
Perform pluming duties including unclog toilets and urinals, repair or replace flushometer, change handles,
toilet seats, vacuum breaker, change traps on sinks and troubleshoot all plumbing problems by tracing pipes
and using specialized tools.
Keep logs on all activities and maintenances performed on my shift and pass it to the next shift engineer.
Perform maintenance on air handling units and unit ventilators such as changing filter, and monitor the correct
operation and adjust the air temperature according to demand.
Prepare the plants for seasonal changes and plan and prepare for future unexpected accidents or machine
failures.
Perform safety test on boilers once a month using low and high water cut offs.
Answer all mechanical and non mechanical calls from principles and staff.

EDUCATION

ENGINEERING LICENSE
SCHOOL DISTICT OF PHILADELPHIA

Associates in science in science and technology
COMMUNITY COLLEGE OF PHILADELPHIA

