Senthilkumar Sengodan

Lead Engineer - Power Projects - The Kuljian Power Corporation Ltd

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Senthilkumar-Sengodan/7eb6307e55ee5a83

WORK EXPERIENCE

Lead Engineer - Power Projects
The Kuljian Power Corporation Ltd  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2013 to Present

Manages Pre commissioning, commissioning & project completion activities of 2x275mw light / heavy fuel oil
unit-based power plants valuing $800 million.
•  Supervises  scheduling,  project  milestones,  punch  lists,  startup  testing,  and  regulatory  concerns  in
collaboration with EPC contractor and project owners.
• Reviewing process, DCS logic, and engineering changes and addresses mechanical, electrical, and I&C
issues with respective departments.
• Prepared SOP for construction and commissioning for power plant.
• Implements system, performance, and safety improvements.

Senior Project Manager
ADANI POWER LTD  -  Mundra, Gujarat - 2009 to 2013

Managed and commissioned a 3300 MW thermal coal-fired power plant valued at $2 billion.
• Supervised subcontractors and company employees, oversaw project schedule, maintained international
reporting protocol for future testing, tuning, and load production, and coordinated vendors and subcontractors.
• Ensured adherence of all workers to proper safety protocols to encourage an accident-free environment.
• Involved in pre bid meetings, resolved warranty disputes, developed company procedures, and trained staff.
• Conducted environmental impact analyses and submitted reports to local authorities.
• Visited China for resolving engineering disputes and inspected major equipments.

Deputy General Manager-Projects
BGR ENERGY SYSTEMS LTD  -  Mettur, Tamil Nadu - 2008 to 2009

a 600mw thermal coal-fired power plant valued at $500 million while supervising a team of 150 engineers and
900 workers.
• Involved in pre bid meetings, Analyzed scope of work and reviewed master schedule for the project.
• Developed operational budgets, work instructions, and standard operating procedures.
• Procured materials, attended techno-commercial meetings, and negotiated with vendors.
• Coordinated scheduling of cranes, special tools, and tackles at the erection site.

Construction Manager
TATA PROJECTS LTD - 2007 to 2007

Oversaw the erection of boilers and auxiliaries while ensuring quality per ASME standards.
• Created weekly and monthly schedule reports to present at review meetings with contractors and engineers.
• Utilized MS Project and other software for planning, scheduling, and cost control.
• Supervised fabrication and erection of piping of various classes and grade materials.
• Obtained certifications and clearance of contractor invoices.

General Manager - Projects
IND SYNERGY LTD  -  Raigarh, MADHYA PRADESH, IN - 2006 to 2007

Managed operations of existing power plant.

• Prepared specification of major equipment for boiler, turbine, cooling tower, conveyor, and auxiliaries for
50mw capacities of power plants.
• Implemented a Quality Management System and developed project master schedule.

General Manager - Power & Projects
Quality Management System  -  Durg, Chhattisgarh - 2005 to 2006

Managed erection and commissioning of a power plant and developed and executed a Quality Management
System.

Manager - Construction
THERMAL SYSTEMS (P) LTD  -  Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - 2004 to 2005

Ensured coordination and submission of drawings and documents for Boiler data booklet from CIB.
•  Supervised  a  team  of  50  engineers  and  20  contractors  to  achieve  project  milestones  and  ensure  timely
project completion.

Senior Engineer
BANNARI AMMAN SUGARS LTD  -  Nanjangud, Karnataka - 1999 to 2004

Inspected boilers and turbines and prepared SOPS for erection, commissioning, operation and maintenance.
• Reviewed manufacturing and erection quality plans and technical data sheets.

Assistant Engineer
DHARANI SUGARS & CHEMICALS LTD  -  Polur, Tamil Nadu - 1997 to 1999

Contributed to the erection and commissioning of the power plant by reviewing plans and technical data sheets
and preparing SOPS.

Erection Engineer
CETHAR VESSELS LTD  -  Tiruchchirappalli, Tamil Nadu - 1995 to 1997

Managed the fabrication, assembly, and erection of pressure parts, piping, ducts, and rotating equipment.
• Developed project schedule, participated in project review meetings, and implemented QMS.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering
ANNAMALAI UNIVERSITY - Chidambaram, Tamil Nadu

Master of Business Administration in International Business Management
BHARATHIAR UNIVERSITY

SKILLS

Power Plant Construction • Commissioning • Quality Management

CERTIFICATIONS

Boiler operation Engineer
April 1999
Boiler operation Engineer

ASME Section VIII Div 1
2013

Boiler Pressure Vessels code

ISO LEAD AUDITOR QMS - IS0 9001:2007
2012

