Shaukat Chaudhry

Plant Engineer at Automatic Rolls of New Jersey, Inc

Bordentown, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shaukat-Chaudhry/953b892c55d4796d

Nature of Background & Scope of Experience:

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Plant Engineer
Hostess Brands  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2012 to Present

Assistant Chief Engineer:
Set-up and implement preventative maintenance program, this included 
● Updating the existing P.M sheets to include high-tech improvements on all new equipment. 
● Oversaw the maintenance operation at this facility. 
● Set budgets for production line as well as facility budgets.
● Responsible to take care of all environmental and Safety programs. (Refrigerant handling 
● Policy, Asbestos, Hazardous communication, Personal Protective equipment and air 
Monitoring programs.

Plant Engineer
Automatic Rolls of New Jersey, Inc  -  Edison, NJ - January 2011 to November 2011

Due to the hot weather in Dallas, Texas Wife
And children have problem and decided to move back to North East area where we lived 30 years and custom
to the weather.
Plant Engineer: Set-up and implement preventative maintenance program, this included
Updating the existing P.M sheets to include high-tech improvements on all new equipment.
Oversaw the maintenance operation at this facility.
Set budgets for production line as well as facility budgets.
Responsible to take care of all environmental and Safety programs. (Refrigerant handling
Policy, Asbestos, Hazardous communication, Personal Protective equipment and air
Monitoring programs.
Responsible State and City of Edison Inspections. (Boiler, Building machinery, OSHA Oven safety, Employee
Emergency response plans, Food and Safety audit (AIB inspections)

Plant Engineer
Saralee   -  Dallas, TX - April 2008 to February 2011

Dallas, TX 75235. (Interstate
Brands Corp. filled a Bank Crupcy in 2005 and did not come out until 2008. For job security joined
Sara Lee and Jamaica, NY plant closed.
Plant Engineer: . Reported to Plant Manager with a dotted line to the Corporate Engineer and
The Corporate Vice President.
• Involved in hiring and the training of all maintenance personnel including
Supervisory staff, mechanics and electricians
• Set-up and implement preventative maintenance program, this included
Updating the existing P.M sheets to include high-tech improvements on all new equipment.
• Oversaw the maintenance operation at this facility.
• Set budgets for all production lines as well as facility budgets for main plant.

• Responsible to take care of all environmental programs. (Refrigerant handling policy, Asbestos, Hazardous
communication, Personal Protective equipment and air monitoring programs.
• Responsible State and City of Dallas Inspections. (Boiler, elevator, Building machinery, Osha Oven safety,
Employee Emergency response plans, Food and Safety audit (AIB inspections)

HOSTESS CAKE
INTERSTATE BRANDS CORPORATION  -  Jamaica, NY - November 1996 to April 2008

Plant Engineer
• Reported to Plant Manager with a dotted line to the Regional Engineer and
The Corporate Vice President
• Oversaw the installation of high-tech equipment
• Involved in hiring and the training of all maintenance personnel including
Supervisory staff, mechanics and electricians
• Set-up a preventative maintenance program from scratch, this included
Updating the existing P.M cards to include high-tech improvements on all new equipment.
• Oversaw the maintenance operation at this facility and thirteen distribution
Facilities in two state NewYork & New Jersey.
• Set budgets for all production lines as well as facility budgets for main plant and thirty distribution facilities.
• Responsible to take care of all environmental programs. (Refrigerant handling policy, Asbestos, Hazardous
communication, Personal Protective equipment and air monitoring programs.
• Responsible State and City of New York Inspections. (Boiler, elevator, Building machinery, Osha Oven safety,
Employee Emergency response plans, Food and Safety audit (AIB inspections)

Maintenance Manager
Quaker Oat Company  -  Staten Island, NY - January 1996 to November 1996

Responsible to set and establish departmental goals and expectations and measures of
Effectiveness. Supervise, coordinates, and tracks the overall operation and work activities for
Supervisors and mechanics.
. Responsible to demonstrates accountability in maintaining accurate record to include
Inventory control records, employee r records, payroll records, and maintenance work orders.
. Responsible to identify and implements measures to improve production methods, equipment
Performance, and quality of work and products.
. Responsible to implement changes in working conditions, safety procedures, work procedures,
Employee training, and the use of equipment to increase efficiency of shops, departments and
Work crews.
. Responsible to demonstrates accountability in motivating workers to achieve work
Goals. Recommend to general Manager and initiates personnel actions such as promotions,
Transfers, discharges, and disciplinary measures.
. Responsible to interprets Company policies, procedures, and practices to employees and
Defines as well as enforces safety Regulations.
. Responsible to provide technical input, training and support successfully install and operate
New equipment and systems.
. Responsible to pursues preventive and predictive maintenance programs.

Experiences with Allen Bradly PLC 500 and PLC 5, packaging equipments, cooling convs.
(Stewart cooler), Peerless mixers, K.B flour system, Baking Machinery dividers, reciprocating
Servo motor drive belts, Reed proof box, Chiller, HVAC air handling units,
Cooling tower, office air conditioning compressor ( R-12 refrigerant ) ,
Gas Caterpillar engines, Frick and FES compressors (R-22). Increased production

200% by doing quality PM's and upgrading equipment's in short period of time.

HOSTESS CAKE
Continental Baking Company  -  East Brunswick, NJ - 1993 to December 1995

Assistant Chief Engineer
Responsible for the maintenance of seven production lines Operation,
Safety, service, and Training programs. This is accomplished through an
Interactive Management and empowerment Program. Supervise three
Supervisors and 30 Mechanics. Experience with A.C compressor (R-22
Refrigerant) for icing set tower and cooling tunnels, icemakers, boilers, air
Compressors, automated ingredient delivery system (Betareven) , peerless
1600lb. Mixers, model k dividers, dry proof box, BP rack proof box, BP
Tunnel ovens, Latendorf coolers, Slicer, UBE Bagger, GMAC robot, Stewart
Automatic tray feeder and dealing with venders and contractors.

HOSTESS CAKE
Continental Baking Company  -  East Brunswick, NJ - 1985 to 1993

Engineering Supervisor
Responsible for assigning jobs to the shift personal (12 mechanics),
Tracking down time, cripple, ordering parts, preventive maintenance and
Overtime.

Installation Engineer
R-Tape Corporation  -  South Plainfield, NJ - 1982 to 1985

Part Time)
Installed 2nd Tape Lamination Line (Electrical & Mechanical)

HOSTESS CAKE
ITT Baking Company  -  East Brunswick, NJ - 1980 to 1984

Mechanic/Electrician
Responsible assigned area operation, change over, repairing break down
Equipment, preflighting equipment's prior to start up and preventive
Maintenance on down day. Hands on experience Semco/Shick flour & sugar
System, Mallet dough depositor, BP oven, cooler, Goodway cream filler
Cooling tunnel, Metramatic diverters, Doboy wrappers, Pulver automatic
Tray feeders equipment, Klikloc box former, autoloader, box closures and
Palletizing robot.

Electrical Engineer
Water And Power Development Authority - 1973 to 1980

Responsible for construction of high KV overhead distribution
System. Developed work plans and assembled work team to meet
Project goals. Established preventive maintenance programs.
Prepared line and service estimates. Managed grounding system,
Load balancing; line patrolling equipment installation and testing.
Supervised twenty line crew personal, resolved technical problems
In the field and delegated supervisory duties at substations. Provided educational
And technical support for employees in training. Coordinated public and
Government relations.

EDUCATION

Certificate of Fitness in oil
General Engineering Govt. College Of Sahiwal
2000

Baking Engineering Resident
American Institute of Baking
1989

Baking Engineering Correspondence
American Institute of Baking
1988

Electrical Technology
College Of Technology Multan
1973

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

QUALIFICATIONS: More than twenty nine years of progressive experience in the field of maintenance
Engineering, culmination in management-level accountability for the organization
And direction of efforts concerned with preventive maintenance and repair, as well
As design, modification, and/or enhancement of automated equipment/lines for
Large-scale production of baked goods, including bread, rolls, bagel, muffins, cakes,
Donuts and pies.

Employment Background highlighted by experience, training, and/or achievement in the

Capabilities: following areas:
Maintenance  Extensive  experience  in  analyzing  project  requirements  and  managing  the  Engineering
maintenance, repair, and rebuilding of plant and production equipment, including
Efforts facilitating operation of multiple production lines with minimal down time.

• Evaluated product/process specifications, critical performance requirements, and nature of equipment/lines
employed to institute and direct preventive maintenance programs.
• Administered diagnostic and testing procedures related to equipment failures, including troubleshooting of
electrical and mechanical inefficiencies
• Directed high-speed changeover of production lines enabling optimal utilization of facilities, equipment, and
available resources
•  Developed  designs  for  custom  fabrication  of  new  equipment  or  re-manufacture  of  existing  equipment  to
improve efficiency of operations and/or convert from production of one product to another
• Directed testing of custom and re-manufactured units, reviewing conformance of designs to functional and
performance specifications
• Provided consulting and advisory services regarding optimally efficient layouts of entire packaging lines from
raw materials to finished goods including all power and process requirements
Management: Considerable background in planning, organizing, integrating, and directing operations and
Personnel.
•  Developed  and  implemented  internal  policies  and  controls  to  guide  operations,  establishing  monitoring
systems to track data relative to factors impacting productivity including man-hours, down time, accidents/
safety, and finished product conformity to specifications

• Delegated responsibilities, established work priorities, prepared schedules, and directed operations
• Developed and administered monthly and annual operating budgets of up to $3 million in accordance with
requirements for plant profitability
• Identified sources and negotiated purchase agreements for equipment, parts, and supplies
•  Ensured  compliance  of  operations  with  established  performance,  quality,  health,  safety,  and  related
standards
•  Trained,  motivated,  and  directed  mechanical/electrical  personnel,  including  considerable  exposure  to
unionized work environments

