Shawn Meyer

Controls Engineer, Mechanical Engineering

Brookhaven, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shawn-Meyer/284c4cbc103eae12

WORK EXPERIENCE

Controls Engineer, Mechanical Engineer
- December 2011 to Present

December  2011  to  Present-  Controls  Engineer,  Mechanical  Engineering  Technician:  Lead  and  supported
others in troubleshooting machinery, equipment, components, and programs including PLC's, HMI's, Servo
systems, and Robotics. Assist
Project Engineers and outside venders to install new equipment, and to do up grades on existing manufacturing
lines.
• Performed set-ups and completing the change over process, providing training, leadership, and guidance to
all personnel within his assigned group.
• Engineering experience in high-speed consumer products, packaging, and web converting manufacturing
environment.
• Exceptional analytical problem solving skills; quickly guided controls technicians and mechanics to correct
solutions, to minimize convertor down time.

Flight Engineer
United States Air Force  - July 2003 to December 2006

Planned, interpreted and calculated takeoff, in-flight refueling, weight balance and landing data limitations for
the $366 million E-8C Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System.
• Executed preflight, in-flight and post-flight inspections; provided consent of conclusive airworthiness status.
• Performed a pivotal role advising the aircraft commander on efficient aircraft operation and management of
emergency
flight procedures.
• Maintained aircraft history of all maintenance performed and debriefed maintenance personnel on post-flight
discrepancies.
•  Worked  well  under  pressure,  prevented  mid-air  collision  while  troubleshooting  multiple  electrical  system
emergencies.
• Committed to mission accomplishment, voluntarily extended deployment to fill critical manning shortfall.
• Maintained and tracked all in-flight emergencies and ground hazards for the 128th ACC squadron as Flight
Safety Non- commissioned Officer.

Aerospace Ground Equipment Craftsman
United States Air Force  - July 1996 to June 2003

Analyzed and repaired hydraulic, electrical, and control
systems  for  aircraft  support  equipment  using  schematics,  diagrams,  testing  equipment,  and  elimination
processes in accordance with applicable technical orders.
• Performed scheduled, acceptance and special inspections, time compliance technical orders, and major and
minor
maintenance on over two hundred pieces of equipment valued at $4 million.
•  Used  digital  multimeters,  voltmeters,  ohmmeters,  frequency  counters,  oscilloscopes,  circuit  card  testers,
transistor testers, and hand tools equipment to verify equipment conditions and determine root cause analysis
of malfunction.

• Used Core Automated Maintenance and GO81 to document maintenance discrepancies and order parts.
• Led Aerospace Maintenance shop while deployed to United Arab Emirates in support of Operation IRAQI
FREEDOM.
• Assisted the flight medics while deployed to South America in support of the drug interdiction program as
a certified EMT.
• Lead technician for flight-line training; coordinated classes and instructed 150 flight-line maintainers on correct
equipment
operation procedures reducing costly equipment damage.

EDUCATION

B.S. in Mechanical Engineering
Temple University - Philadelphia, PA
2011

A.A.S. in Aviation Operations
Community College of the Air Force, Air University

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: Airforce
Rank: SSGT
June 1996 to December 2006

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

COMPUTER SKILLS: Matlab, AutoCAD, Soildworks, Trace 700, Microsoft Office, Java Programing, RS Logics
5000, Factory
Talk View and Panel View Plus Programming, Studio 5000 SERCOS Programming and Advanced Motion
Programming, Fanuc
Robotics Advanced Teach Pendant Programming and Pallet Pro

Shawnmeyer1976@gmail.com

