Stephen Ammon

Building Engineer at Dolce Hotel

Narberth, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Stephen-Ammon/2527c0d24df9ab7f

WORK EXPERIENCE

Building Engineer
Dolce Hotel  -  King of Prussia, PA - 2010 to Present

Responsible for guest service calls, operation of physical plant and preventive maintenance projects

Building Engineer
Self employed - 2008 to 2010

for  2  apartment  and  1  condominium  complex,  Plant  Operator  {boilers,  chillers  all  air  handling  equipment.
chemical water treatment} Respond to resident service requests and perform preventive maintenance. Fire
and hazardous chemical trained as well as operation of automated building system, and emergency generator
operation. Am an experienced night building engineer.

Building Engineer
The Philadelphian High Rise Condominiums - 2006 to 2008

Responsible for the operation of physical plant with 2-600 hp boilers, 2-300 hp boilers. chillers, and operation
of a co-generation program. This also entails the complete chemical water testing program with both physical
plant and co-generating systems. with these duties comes the responsibilities of providing service on call to
residents while working third shift. I am qualified in all life services that include Fire, and Hazardous chemicals.

Preventive Maintenance Mechanic
Haverford College  -  Haverford, PA - August 1998 to 2006

Responsible for preventive maintenance of college mechanical rooms and equipment including pumps and
motors .Answered all service calls and assisted in all mechanical projects in the central plant and on campus.
Central Heating Plant Operator, Duties included operation of four Clever Brooks firetube boilers, chemical
water treatment and testing, repiping of all blow down lines, water columns and installation of water controls
and coordination of all outside vendors involved in plant operations. Bids and budget control of department.
Assist in all capital projects.

Building Engineer
Sheraton Valley Forge Hotel  -  King of Prussia, PA - June 1992 to March 1997

Answered all guest calls and assist as needed mechanics in the field.

Power Plant Engineer
Villanova University  -  Villanova, PA - November 1980 to June 1992

The operation and knowledge of a working steam plant. Boiler operator with responsibilities of chemical water
treatment.

EDUCATION

Facilities Management I
Spring Garden Institute - Philadelphia, PA
1983 to 1986

