Steve Burkhart

Quality Assurance Professional

Phoenixville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Steve-Burkhart/5c4cc1594e11b06b

I  enjoy  problem  solving,  statistical  studies,  continuous  improvement  opportunities,  and  interacting  with
customers. I have a wide range of experience in different fields as well as different responsibility levels.
I really enjoy digging in and getting to the bottom of a knotty problem, and then making real changes to insure
problems are truly resolved.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Contractor - Quality Assurance Documentation Writer for Surgical Devices - Engineer II
R&D Partners (for Alcon-Novartis)  -  Sinking Spring, PA - October 2015 to Present

Responsible for development of Process Control Plans in the AIAG format. I also lead meetings for review
and adoption of those CPs.

Accomplishments
I have written numerous Process Control Plans, exceeding the project timetable.

Skills Used
Leadership, project organization, technical writing.

Program Quality Lead - 2015 Ford F150 Cockpit
Faurecia Interior Systems  -  Southfield, MI - April 2012 to December 2014

Responsible for Quality Assurance aspects of new Ford related interior component systems. Laid-off due to
loss of new business.

Quality Manager
Facility for Rare Isotope Beams (FRIB)  -  East Lansing, MI - June 2011 to December 2011

Responsible for implementation of the Quality Assurance program for this radiologic research project. I left
due to unaddressed safety concerns.

Senior Quality Engineer
BAE U.S. Combat Systems - Wheeled Division  -  Troy, MI - January 2008 to February 2011

Provided supplier oversight for MRAP & SOCOM armored personnel carriers and related components for the
U.S. military. Laid-off due to loss of future contracts.

Quality Manager
Newco Industries, LLC  -  Litchfield, MI - September 2007 to January 2008

Managed the Quality Assurance department for this fabricator of welded steel components & assemblies for
the U.S. Army's MRAP (Mine Resistant Armored Personnel vehicle), the high-end RV market, and luxury spa
industry.

QMS Auditor
SGS Systems and Services  -  Rutherford, NJ - November 2006 to September 2007

Conducted  ISO  9001:2000  audits  for  various  manufacturing  companies  which  contract  with  SGS  for  their
certification services, initial assessments, surveillance audits and recertifications.

Quality Engineer
Len Industries  -  Leslie, MI - April 2004 to April 2005

Coordinated the QA effort for several high precision transmission gears.

Quality Engineer
Dura Convertible Systems  -  Adrian, MI - August 2003 to April 2004

Provided quality assurance support to the Ford Mustang and Ford Thunderbird convertible top product lines
to ensure that product was built in accordance with customer and divisional quality requirements.

Six Sigma Black Belt
Intier Automotive  -  Holt, MI - June 2001 to August 2003

Responsibilities
While  performing  6  Sigma  projects,  I  led  teams  in  reducing  the  main,  Cadillac  CTS,  dash  assembly  line,
unplanned downtime by over 90%. I performed time studies, created detailed process maps, collected and
studied data, enabling transformative assembly process improvement along the 24 assembly work stations.

Quality Engineer
Chelsea Industries  -  Chelsea, MI - December 2000 to May 2001

Coordinated the quality assurance effort for many seat frame assemblies in a wire and tube bending facility
supplying the automotive industry.

Manager/CMM Technician
Edscha  -  Jackson, MI - May 1999 to November 2000

Programmed and operated manual type Mitutoyo C

Quality Technician
K & A Machine & Tool  -  Jackson, MI - October 1997 to May 1999

Performed first piece and hourly inspections of aerospace hydraulic fittings using CMM, optical comparator,
calipers, micrometers, thread rolls and rings and other measuring devices as necessary.

Manager, Process Technician
Diecast Corporation  -  Jackson, MI - November 1994 to October 1997

Monitored all key parameters of the die casting process and maintained diagnostic equipment.

Quality Engineer
Demmer Corporation  -  Lansing, MI

Responsibilities
I coordinated Contract Data Requirement (CDR) submissions to BAE Systems for weldments and components
for armored personnel carriers.

EDUCATION

B.A. in Psychology
Spring Arbor University
1994

SKILLS

GxP, cGMP, Six Sigma Black Belt, SPC, Corrective Action, Preventive Action, Presentation Skills, Root
Cause Analysis, PPAP, APQP, Capability Analysis, Control Plans, PFMEA, FMEA, Measurement Systems
Analysis, Continuous Improvement, Fishbone Analysis, 5 Why Analysis, Process Mapping Value, Stream
Mapping, Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing, GD&T, Management Experience, Supervisory Skills,
Interpersonal Skills, Auditing, 8D, CAPA, Lean Manufacturing, CMM, Gage Repair, Action Plans, NCR,
Nonconformance Reports, ISO 9001:2008 Auditing, Gage R and R, Time Studies, CAD manipulation,
Kaizen (10+ years)

AWARDS

BAE Chairman’s Silver and Bronze Awards for Excellence in Customer Relationships
December 2010
I was honored with the BAE Chairman’s Silver and Bronze Awards for Excellence in Customer Relationships,
in Washington D.C., December 2010. This award represented the successful launching and completion of a
contract to provide an Armored Split Hatch for armored personnel carriers, for our soldiers serving overseas.

CERTIFICATIONS

ISO 9001:2000 Lead Auditor
October 2006 to October 2008
ISO 9001 Lead Auditor Training, Stat-a-Matrix, 2006.

PATENTS

Locking Electrical Outlet (#5,791,931)
August 1998
Abstract:  A  lockable  electrical  outlet  using  grasping  jaws  which  pivot  relative  to  a  conductive  contact  in
response to the translational motion of a carrier supporting the grasping jaw in order to selectively retain an
electrical plug in place.

