Theresa Mata

Projects Engineer - City of Philadelphia, Division of Aviation

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Theresa-Mata/6f6a5a9d1e3d9f89

WORK EXPERIENCE

Projects Engineer
City of Philadelphia, Division of Aviation  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 1998 to Present

Perform the following duties for Public Works' construction projects at the Philadelphia
International  Airport:  schedule  and  coordinate  power  shutdowns,  construction  work  hours,  and  project
meetings; coordinate construction work with other contractors, tenants, and airport
personnel to ensure safe and continuous airport operations; prepare worksheets for payment
estimates, meeting minutes, field directives (for change orders of the project), tenant advisories
(scheduled shutdowns), and other related correspondence such as faxes, memos, and letters; and review
shop drawing submittals, contractors' proposed project schedule, cost proposals, and certificates of payroll.
(See projects on the following page).
►  Supervise  Engineering  Interns  and  assist  junior  Engineers  with  inspection  of  contractors'  work  and
installed equipment to ensure compliance to contract drawings, contract specifications, and applicable codes;
preparation of daily reports detailing the work performed by the contractors and other pertinent information; and
testing of installed electrical equipment such as emergency battery units, panels, transformers, and disconnect
switches.
► Review design drawings, specifications, and cost estimates for proposed public works projects in preparation
of the bid process. Review Request for Proposals for prospective on-call
consultant services.
► Perform other related work periodically as required: project status update for the www.phl.org
website, assist in the emergency generator load test; maintain the front-end of the contract
specifications;  and  responsible  for  hiring  and  supervising  the  Engineering  interns  from  two  co-  operative
education colleges: Drexel University and Widener University.
► Currently working with the IT department to make the bid process paper free.
► Design secondary power distribution systems and respond to airport emergencies involving
power loss and building integrity.

Associate Training Specialist
General Physics Corporation  -  Pottstown, PA - November 1995 to May 1996

Developed  and  revised  courses,  training  manuals,  technical  manuals,  and  procedures  for  international
companies such as Kraft Foods, Ford, PMMI, and GM.
► Acted as a technical lead and liaison between General Physics and its customers.

Substitute Teacher
School District of Philadelphia  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 1993 to November 1995

Feb 1993 to Nov 1995 and May 1996 to Apr 1998

► Responsible for development and delivery of class schedule and lesson plan.
► Taught various subjects such as Math, Reading, Art, Writing, Gym, Science, Music, Social
Studies, Health, and Spanish to students in grades Kindergarten through 12.

Engineer

PECO Energy Company, Nuclear Quality Assurance Dept (NQA)  -  Chesterbrook, PA - May 1986 to
October 1991

Reviewed  and  revised  administrative  procedures  and  procurement  documents  for  compliance  to  quality
assurance and regulatory requirements to ensure safe operation of PECO Energy's
nuclear power plants.
► Applied several mainframe and personal computer packages to prepare reports and track open
commitments to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
► Performed other duties as directed by supervisors e.g. designed a brochure that educated
PECO Energy's Nuclear Group personnel in understanding the definition of quality assurance and the operation
of the Nuclear Quality Assurance (NQA) Department and designed the
NQA's business plan.

EDUCATION

B. S. in Electrical Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
1986

SKILLS

Computer skills: Microsoft Office, Primavera, Stromberg 
Other skills: Typing 35 wpm, event planning, calligraphy, flyers

