Thomas Greco

Facilities Manager - The Bellevue, Preit Associates - Fluidics Inc

Mickleton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Thomas-Greco/09dc55ca8fe5f6e9

Sponsorship required to work in the US

WORK EXPERIENCE

Facilities Manager
The Bellevue, Preit Associates - Fluidics Inc - 2013 to Present

Responsible for the direct supervision, performance, and control of all administrative, operation, maintenance
repair, subcontract and related services for operation of a 700 thousand square ft. building with office and
hotel space. Also responsible for supervision of staff of operating engineers, mechanics and of all building
operations services to ensure they are performed in an effective and efficient manner. Duties also include
oversee  all  building  construction  and  retrofit  projects.  Implement  long  range  plans  such  as  equipment/
systems replacement and overhaul of existing equipment. Assure work responsibilities are allocated properly
among subordinates by the development and implementation of manpower schedules, work methods and
procedures  designed  to  obtain  low  cost  and  efficient  operations  for  the  customer.  Establish  and  update
preventive maintenance program, energy conservation program and a program for acquisitions, storage and
accountability of all operating materials, tools and equipment. Keep current with all City, federal and life safety
codes.

2008-2013 Operations Manager Comcast Center Philadelphia & Area Manager NJ- Fluidics Inc.
Responsibilities - Responsible for supervision and control of all Building Operations Services for 1.3 Million sq
ft. Class A office building. Ensure all services are performed in an effective and efficient manner. Implement
policies and procedures of the Customer's Representative and Fluidics relating to all services covered by the
scope of work. Submit weekly, monthly status reports and invoices as required.

Develop and implement long-range plan such as equipment/systems replacement and overhaul. Responsible
for training of Fluidics on-site personnel in the performance of prescribes duties. Assure work responsibilities
are  allocated  properly  among  subordinates.  Establish,  implement  and  maintain  an  energy  conservation
program for building systems. Contract for services of subcontractors, evaluate bids, make recommendations
to Customer's Representative, and institute corrective actions. Develop and oversee work safety and code
compliance  programs.  Make  regular  inspections  of  all  related  areas  and  operations  and  take  corrective
measures as needed.

Chief Engineer / Building Manager
Brandywine Realty Trust - 2006 to 2008

U.S. Post Office
Duties include daily operations pertaining to plant maintenance of US Post Office approximately 1.3 million
square feet. Supervise staff of 18. Building engineer operations include corrective and preventive maintenance
of all building equipment to include but not limited to the following: low pressure steam and hot water boilers,
traction and hydraulic elevators, 1500 ton and above main chiller plant, HVAC cooling towers, air handlers,
centrifugal pumps, fire and sprinkler systems, security systems, building automated controls electronic access
systems, hydraulic truck dock systems, upkeep of 13,200 V AC power supply and transformers.
Solicit bids from service contracting firms for varied elements Post Office and analyze contracts with General
Manager prior to award assist General Manager with preparation and evaluations of policies and programs

that relate to building operations. Receive all invoicing for supplies and services, review for thoroughness and
cost, analyze and prepare staffing needs, oversee coverage and schedules; applicable to all service entities.
Maintain all fire and life safety codes as well as staff and local requirements. Involved with demolition of Post
Office and conversion to accommodate Internal Revenue Main Philadelphia Location. Direct liaison between
Keating Construction, Associated Demolition, US Post Office and Brandywine Realty.

Facilities Manager
U.S. Facilities  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2004 to 2006

Philadelphia Prison System
Correctional facility consists of 2500 inmates. Supervise activities of 10 employees which included Plumbers,
Electricians,  building  and  stationary  Engineers.  Developed  and  implemented  preventive  and  corrective
maintenance programs. Managed facility which included complete medical wing including Triage, treatment,
and  short  term  care,  full  service  dental  and  mental  health  care.  Tested  all  emergency  systems  and  in
compliance with all life safety codes.

Maintenance Manager
Atlantic City International Airport - 2001 to 2004

Egg Harbor Township NJ
Responsible  for  the  Maintenance  of  Airport  Facilities.  Managed  the  Airport  computerized  management
program.  Supervise  the  maintenance  service  contracts  and  personnel.  Duties  include  but  not  limited  to;
supervise and train all maintenance staff, plan and schedule airfield and terminal maintenance using the most
efficient composition of work crews. Supervise and perform maintenance repairs, alterations and installation of
work in such typical fields as: HVAC, plumbing, ground custodial, painting, carpentry, fleet service and runway
lighting.  Supervise  and  perform  snow  removal  operations.  Interact  with  FAA  Control  Tower  as  per  Airfield
and Taxiway repairs. Prepare purchasing requisitions for supplies, materials and supply justifications when
necessary. Assist in preparation of annual maintenance budget. Interact with vendors on specifications, quality
and cost of materials and labor needed for maintaining facilities.

Maintenance Supervisor
Diamond Beach Hotel and Conference Center  -  Wildwood Crest, NJ - 1998 to 2001

Supervise maintenance of HVAC equipment such as chillers, boilers, cooling towers, fire suppression systems
electrical and remodeling of building, ordering supplies and hiring staff.

Chief Engineer Eastco Building Services
IRS Center  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1995 to 1998

As shift engineer my duties include operating a 500,000 square feet building, HVAC equipment, chillers, boilers,
electrical switch gear, lighting and preventive maintenance on computer room AC.

Maintenance Manager
Pier 3  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1993 to 1998

Duties  include  supervision  and  coordination  of  maintenance  program  for  172  apartments.  Supervise  and
staffing of maintenance mechanics, groundskeepers and custodial.

Director of Plant Operations
Majestic Oaks Health Care Facility  -  Warminster, PA - 1991 to 1993

As  Director  my  duties  included  hiring  mechanics,  purchasing,  coordination  of  contractors,  service  and
installation of boilers, HVAC, electrical, plumbing and Co-generation equipment. Keeping current with fire and
life safety codes as well as state and local regulatory requirements.

Member of AAAE and AOPA. FAA Technical center and Airport security clearance.
City of Philadelphia "Class A" Engineer.
CFC Universal Certification

EDUCATION

Vocational
School - F - Folcroft, PA
1986 to 1987

Penn State University - Ogontz Campus
1982 to 1983

Philadelphia Wireless Tech Institute - Philadelphia, PA
1980 to 1981

Saint John Neumann High School - Philadelphia, PA
1976 to 1980

RETS Electronics School - Philadelphia, PA
1978 to 1979

