Vincent Zhu

Research engineer - University of Pennsylvania

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vincent-Zhu/ff913fae01a5f5ea

WORK EXPERIENCE

Research engineer
University of Pennsylvania  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2012 to September 2012

〓 Conducting experiments of Layer-by-Layer Nano-Encapsulation of microbes. Investigating the effects of
biofilm growth based on presence of different types of polyelectrolyte clusters at capsule surface.
〓 Evaluated the viability of the cells during LBL process, and analyzed the mechanism of bio-film growth,
capsule architectures and stability. Determined how these aspects affect the recognition properties of system.
〓 Cultivated algae in photobioreactor, measured ammonia/nitrite/nitrate/COD concentration, isolated nitrifying
bacteria from activated sludge, and investigated the performance of an aerobic/anaerobic hybrid bioreactor
under different C:N ratios and low F/M conditions.

Senior Design Projects Leader
University of Arizona  -  Tucson, AZ - August 2010 to May 2011

〓 Designed and developed process improvements for refrigeration cycle, bio-diesel and wastewater treatment
plants safety, quality, productivity, and energy efficiency by performing the engineering analysis and simulation
on CHEMCAD.
〓 Assessed the capital costs and net present values associated with the plant. Optimized the plant based on
the economic analysis and tradeoffs that were made to arrive at the piece of equipment chosen, in order to
improve the system performance and lower the cost.
〓 Organized every weekly meeting, finalized the agenda, and divided work to each group member.
〓 Experiences also includes use of process control (PID) equipment, control simulation in MATLAB Simulink,
drawing P&ID and PFD, writing and analyzing HAZOP, and strong knowledge of OSHA standards, and EPA
regulations.

Research engineer
University of Arizona  -  Tucson, AZ - January 2010 to May 2011

〓 Prepared experiments to quantify the destruction of organic contaminants in water by using solar photolysis
of hydrogen peroxide, and determined the viability of advanced oxidation processes for the degradation.
〓 Improved UV/H2O2 processes by the optimization of key parameters such as light intensity and H2O2
dosages.
〓 Developed a kinetics model by MATLAB to predict the degradation of target compounds in real UV industrial
reactors.
〓  Reviewed  the  effectiveness  of  wastewater  treatment  plants  to  remove  organic  trace  contaminants.
Reviewed  laboratory,  pilot  and  full-scale  studies  leading  to  evaluation  of  different  treatment  processes
(biological, chemical and physical). This work was reported to Gary Klečka, science advisory board at The
Dow Chemical Company, and prepared for the International Joint Commission. Co-authored two published
papers.
〓  Presented  findings  at  the  Graduate  and  Professional  Student  Council  Showcase,  and  the  Water
Sustainability Program Water Forum in 2010.
〓 Provided technical assistance to pilot plant operators. Supervised and trained 2 GK-12 high school science
teachers, and a group of 8 GK-12 graduate students in laboratory procedures and use of equipment.

Tutor/Mentor - Worked
University of Arizona - ThinkTank  -  Tucson, AZ - September 2008 to May 2011

〓 Worked in a team of 20 to answer undergraduate questions related to math, physics, and chemistry.
〓 Provided one-on-one and group sessions to enable students to connect knowledge from the textbooks to
real-life situations, and developed strong interpersonal communication skills by helping students achieve their
goals through on-going support.
〓 Mentored new incoming tutors with continued support either on problem solving or tutoring strategies, and
led tutor enrichment sessions once a week.
〓 Presented as Level Ⅲ master tutor at Think Tank Tutor Panel to talk and share tutoring and mentoring
experiences.

Research engineer
University of Arizona  -  Tucson, AZ - September 2007 to September 2008

〓 Used computational chemistry approaches (Gaussian 98) to investigate gas-phase reactions of potential
hydrofluoroether degradation byproducts thought to generate environmental harm. Evaluated heat of reaction
data.
〓 Investigated novel chemicals being introduced into use through intensive peer reviewed literature surveys.

Engineering Ambassador
University of Arizona  -  北京市 - June 2008 to July 2008
〓 Educated and advised middle and high school students about the diversity of engineering studies.
〓 Demonstrated various projects such as enthalpy of neutralization and Pka of an indicator; used visually
based  acid-base  chemistry  indicators  to  train  40  students  in  fundamental  chemistry  principles;  instructed
students on the effects of concentration on rates of reaction in a hands-on chemistry laboratory; collaborated
with 3 team members to safely manage chemical hazards with novice users.

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering
University of Pennsylvania - Philadelphia, PA
2011 to 2012

Bachelor of Science in Chemical and Environmental Engineering
University of Arizona - Tucson, AZ
2007 to 2011

SKILLS

HMS Series Slide Stainer, Ellipsometer, Electron microscope, Sonicator, UV-VIS, GC-MS, ICP-MS, HPLC,
Spectroflourometer, TLC, Column Chromatography, GC, IR, NMR, Autoclave, Osmometer, PH meters,
Analytical balances, Centrifuge, Batch Reactor, CSTR, PFR, Heat exchanger, Distillation column, Reverse
osmosis, Titration. Advanced oxidation processes, Layer-by-layer deposition, Cell/Algae culturing, Isolation
of nitrifying bacteria from activated sludge, Ammonia/Nitrate measurement. Computer: C programming,
HTML, Visual Basic, MATLAB, CHEMCAD, Solid Works, Gaussian 98 Microsoft Access, Excel, FrontPage,
PowerPoint, Visio, Word Adobe After Effects, Photoshop, Premiere; Sony Vegas, Cinema 4D, FL Studio
Languages: Fluent in English and Mandarin

AWARDS

University of Arizona, College of Engineering, Academic Distinction
January 2007

University of Arizona, College of Engineering, Academic Distinction
January 2008

University of Arizona, College of Engineering, Academic Distinction
January 2009

University of Arizona Honor student (Cum Laude and Honors)
January 2011

Loerpabel,William H Scholarship
January 2011

Tucker, Harriet M Scholarship
January 2011

Laura and Arch Brown Honors Scholarship
January 2011

CERTIFICATIONS

College Reading and Learning Association Master Tutoring Certificate, Certified Tutor
Level Ⅲ
2011 to Present

PUBLICATIONS

Advanced Oxidation of Trace Organics in Water by Hydrogen Peroxide Solar Photolysis
October 1, 2011
Mario R. Rojas, Cary Leung, Daniel Whitley, Yan Zhu, R.G. Arnold, and A.E. Sáez, Advanced Oxidation of
Trace Organics in Water by Hydrogen Peroxide Solar Photolysis, Ind. Eng. Chem. Res., 50 (22), 12479–12487
(2011).

Assessment of the Effectiveness of Secondary Wastewater Treatment Technologies to
Remove Trace Chemicals of Emerging Concern
Mario R. Rojas, Cary Leung, Fabian Bonk, Yan Zhu, Leah Edwards, R.G. Arnold, and A.E. Sáez, Assessment
of  the  Effectiveness  of  Secondary  Wastewater  Treatment  Technologies  to  Remove  Trace  Chemicals  of
Emerging Concern, In review.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Computer: C programming, HTML, Visual Basic, MATLAB, CHEMCAD, Solid Works, Gaussian 98
Microsoft Access, Excel, FrontPage, PowerPoint, Visio, Word
Adobe After Effects, Photoshop, Premiere; Sony Vegas, FL Studio
Languages: Fluent in English and Mandarin

PROFESSIONAL SOCIETIES:
American Institute of Chemical Engineers, member since 2007

Tau Beta Pi Engineering Honor Society, member since 2009
Omega Chi Epsilon Chemical Engineering Honor Society, member since 2009
Sigma Alpha Lambda, National Leadership and Honors Organization, member since 2008

ACTIVITIES/INTERESTS:
The Graduate and Professional Student Council Showcase 2010, presenter
The Water Sustainability Program Water Forum 2010, presenter
Freestyle slalom skating, snowboarding, table tennis, swimming, making static and radio-controlled model,
cooking

