Wai Man

Documentation Specialist - Milton Roy

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Wai-Man/bab39c6f2b2a52a9

WORK EXPERIENCE

Application Engineer / Project Engineer
Milton Roy  -  Ivyland, PA - September 2014 to Present

•  Reviewed  customer’s  technical  specification,  including  Request  for  Quote  (RFQ).  Provided  advice  to
customers in the optimal selection and use of products in their application, generated quotes and delivery time
to meet with customers’ requirements.
•  Oversaw  project  orders  by  working  closely  with  manufacturing  and  supply  chain  to  ensure  smooth  and
timely transitions between departments. Compile and provide product literature and Instruction, Operation,
and Maintenance (IOM) manual submittal notebooks.
• Delivered technical documentation such as dimensional drawings, Bill of Materials (BOM), pump test reports,
and certificates to customer. Serve as technical documents resource for application and project engineers.
•  Identified  required  engineering  changes  in  product  to  fit  customers’  application;  communicated  with
mechanical engineers to instruct appropriate modification to product or documents.
•  Planned  and  administered  time/cost  saving  plans  to  automate  certificate  generation  process  through
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software coding and configuration; improved the process to expedite
document deliveries.
• Updated and converted pump manuals to latest software to enhance ease of editing and efficiency; revised
content of manual per engineers’ request and ensured information accuracy as well as format professionalism.

Documentation Specialist
Milton Roy  -  Ivyland, PA - March 2013 to Present

• Created and provided over 50 typical material certificates monthly for all Milton Roy Pumps such as the FCD
heritage pumps, William pumps, and LINC pumps per customer request; effectively tracked each request using
Microsoft Excel database. Responsible for providing documents such as Certificates of Quality and Quantity,
Certificates of Conformance, and Inspection & Test Plan to personnel and customer.
• Communicated with vendors to obtain material certificates for metallic pump components; organized and
maintained  electronic  material  certificates  sent  by  vendors  in  the  Milton  Roy’s  company  email  inbox  by
transferring the documents to the designated document repositories.
•  Collaborated  with  Application  Engineers  to  obtain  documents  such  as  Pump  Hydrostatic  Test  and
Repeatability Test in order to compile data books; identified the appropriate pump outline & cross sectional
drawings according to the specification of the pump; retrieved the pump Bill of Materials from JDEdward.
• Compiled and provided physical and/or electronic data books per customer requests; responsible for the
content and format of the data books ensuring professionalism and the accuracy of documents regarding pump
specification.
• Maintained and reorganized the existing material certificates in archive; assisted the quality assurance project
manager in devising strategy to receive documents from supplier electronically via email to improve process
automation.
•  Managed  multiple  document  transmittal  processes  with  customers  effectively  using  Microsoft  Access
database to track the approval process; communicated with Application Engineers to revise format and/or
contents of documents returned by customers.
• Updated and converted pump manuals to latest software to enhance ease of editing and efficiency; revised
content of manual per engineers’ request and ensured information accuracy as well as format professionalism.

Process Engineer
Merck & Company  -  West Point, PA - September 2012 to March 2013

Communicated with vendors to gather technical information and data for items categorized as Product Contact
Components (PCCs); composed and revised more than 500 specifications for the PCCs complying with GMP
guidelines.
• Translated and interpreted technical documents such as MSDS and validation guides received from foreign
vendors in order to build the PCCs specifications.
• Designed and maintained Excel databases for a time sensitive project to effectively track project progress
and improve work efficiency; updated data bases as new information is received.
•  Created  information  request  checklists  to  track  requisition  status;  cooperated  with  the  Procurement
Management group to obtain overdue requested information from non-responsive vendors.
•  Collaborated  with  the  QA  investigation  team  leader  to  investigate  business  critical  production  process;
identified risks to the product integrity by using Root Cause Analysis.
• Generated weekly status reports for the project team leaders and director of engineering to provide project
overview.

Document Control Specialist
GE Power & Water  -  Trevose, PA - August 2011 to September 2012

Revised and updated more than 7000 scientific documents such as procedures, specifications, protocols, and
analytical methods in compliance with ISO 9001; responsible for document control using GE online electronic
document management systems.
• Designed and built data form structure for two business-critical workflow processes for the GE Analytical
Instrument Division and maintained the host website community.
•  Provided  technical  support  to  employees  regarding  to  the  proper  documentation  format  and  other
administrative issues such as flowchart construction using Microsoft Visio.
•  Updated  and  maintained  chemical  material  databases  to  ensure  the  integrity  of  vital  supplier  data  and
chemical information.
• Communicated with the document control business leader on a regular basis to provide project overviews
and status updates.
• Assisted personnel with organization and uploading of documents in GE electronic document management
systems.

Bioanalytical Chemist/Laboratory Technician
S. Sheridan Street  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2010 to September 2010

Philadelphia, PA 19148 • (215)459-6852 • waiyipman1988@gmail.com
LABORATORY EXPERIENCE
Sanofi-Aventis, In vitro Department Malvern, PA
Bioanalytical Chemist/Laboratory Technician April 2010 - September 2010
•  Analyzed  samples  in  In-vitro  environment  using  robotics  and  GC/MS  for  metabolism  studies;  conducted
instrumental  analysis  using  FT-IR,  NMR,  and  XRD  to  investigate  chemical  and  physical  properties  of
developmental drugs.
• Synthesized standards following standard operating procedure and GLP guidelines; maintained laboratory
environment by instrument calibration and experimental solution preparation.
•  Compiled  experimental  data  in  laboratory  notebook  for  data  interpretation;  presented  reports  regarding
experimental results to group members on a weekly basis.
• Collaborated with project team leader in researching cost-saving methods to effectively improve experimental
efficiency and results.
• Provided project support for team members by maintaining laboratory environment, restocking inventory,
assisting with data entry, word processing and proofreading.

Analytical Chemist
City of Philadelphia, Department of Public Health  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2009 to September 2009

Performed air quality testing by collecting air monitoring cartridges from different sites; eluted air samples from
cartridges using the Solid Phase Extraction method.
• Conducted HPLC instrumental analysis on extracted samples and interpreted data using specialist software
to ensure pollutant level is within safety limit.
•  Prepared  and  spiked  air  monitoring  cartridges  by  assigning  appropriate  number;  packaged  cartridges  in
transportation boxes for shipment to different sites to collect air samples.
• Received and organized air samples from air collection sites by time and location for storage and further
analysis; recorded each batch in the laboratory inventory.
•  Responsible  for  other  laboratory  duties  such  as  creating  experimental  standards  and  mobile  phases,
restocking reagents, maintaining cleanliness, and other specific analysis.

Intern Biochemist
University of Pennsylvania  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2005 to August 2005

Collaborated with Program Director to design experiments to measure iron uptake in yeast Candida Albicans;
consulted with research team members for experimental planning.
•  Constructed  plasmid  by  DNA  cloning  to  measure  regulation  of  gene  expression;  performed  Gel
Electrophoresis to separate proteins in DNA.
• Duplicated DNA responsible for iron uptake using Polymerase Chain Reaction; analyzed iron regulated gene
promoters in yeast using enzyme reporter assay.
• Compiled experimental data in laboratory notebook and shared results with Program Director to strategize
the next step of the analysis.
•  Composed  and  published  reports  with  experimental  results  to  American  Chemical  Society;  presented
research at the ACS project SEED symposium at Rider University, NJ.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Chemistry
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
June 2011

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Detail oriented and efficient at task management. Noted for excellence in providing accurate information
to  clients  and  ensuring  documents  quality  compliance,  handling  multiple  projects  and  meeting  aggressive
deadlines. 
• Experienced in providing technical support for clients. Well-versed in handling technical documents such as
product manual, technical drawing, certificates, SOPs, BOM, and specification.
• Highly adaptive and analytical. Able to quickly familiarize a product line, and utilize different types of complex
software in a short period of time using critical problem solving skills to deliver high quality result. 
• Strong communication skills. Proven ability to present and exchange ideas to personnel and assist teams
to overcome obstacles and achieve goals.
•  Professional  background  in  technical  industries  and  manufacturing,  with  strong  scientific  knowledge  and
principles. Extended experience with GMP and ISO guide lines.

LABORATORY SKILLS
Instrumental  Analysis:  Gas  Chromatography-Mass  Spectrometry  (GC/MS),  High-Performance  Liquid
Chromatography (HPLC), Fourier Transform Infrared Spectroscopy (FT-IR), Raman Spectroscopy, UV/VIS

Spectroscopy, Scanning Electron Microscope (SEM), Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR), X-Ray Diffraction
Spectroscopy (XRD)
Technical Software: ChemSketch, HyperChem, PASW Statistic 18, Maple14, AutoCAD, Solidworks

SKILLS
Computer Software: Microsoft Office […] Microsoft Access, Microsoft Visio, Adobe Acrobat, Nuance, SAP,
JDEdward, Adept
Languages: Chinese (Cantonese, Mandarin), Japanese

