William Karslo

President, owner and inventor at HKH Dielectric, LLC

Warrington, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/William-Karslo/376d4f1e6df36383

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Department Manager
Lowes Corp  -  Willow Grove, PA - March 2007 to Present

Inventory control,warehouse/receiving RDC truck loads;provide supervision over truck unload team,restocking
crew
Commercial contractor accounts
scheduling of department full and partime associates
marketing
product demonstrations
display,and racking resets

President, owner and inventor
HKH Dielectric, LLC - July 2006 to Present

of Dri Lightning® - the first patented testing product and method on the market for dry dielectric testing of
bucket liners. Trademark awarded February 2009. Patent awarded February 2010. I recently presented white
paper for the 30th annual Electrical Insulation Conference (EIC), "Dry Testing of Non-conductive Liners" Meets
ANSI A 92.2 Standards. Acquired 7 national vendors to manufacture specified parts for production without
public investors. Research and development handled from inception. Currently workwith and have contracts
with PTI Plastic techniquies Inc, as HKH dielectric's distributor and Von Corporation in proper training in the
use of dri Lightning Products. Offer employer the following traits; dedication, hard worker and problem solver.

Independent inspection contractor
Atlantic Crane Inspection Services Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2005 to February 2007

- trained and certified to inspect bucket and boom trucks, loaders and construction lattice cranes including
Amtrak.

President, owner and inventor - Patent pending
WRKS Electric, Inc  -  Horsham, PA - November 2001 to January 2006

for an in-ground pool control panel, EZ WRKS. Design patent pending for an electric dimming "tiki" torch. All
functions of running a small business including sales representative, research and development for patent
items, ability to work with engineers and attorneys, as well as numerous industry contacts.

Owner
WRKS Electric, Inc  -  Horsham, PA - November 2002 to November 2005

- Self-employed residential and light commercial clients including LeRoy's Flowers, Lennox Industries, and
regional Sprint communication towers. Company employed up to 4 employees depending on type and length
of project.

Electrical Mechanic
WRKS Electric, Inc  -  Newtown, PA - June 2002 to November 2002

with two apprentices. Sewage treatment plant ($40 million expansion - Stage 4) Layout and install racks of
rigid conduit throughout raw feed pumping building. Temporary position to full-fill a contract.

Job Foreman
WRKS Electric, Inc  -  Bensalem, PA - February 2002 to June 2002

-  Oversee  various  jobs  with  a  3  -  5  man  crew.  Accomplishments  include:  Inquirer  Newspaper  Depot,
Philadelphia Art Museum Security & Lighting, and Chick-Fil-A Restaurant.

Purchasing Agent/Estimator
D W Electric Inc  -  Levittown, PA - September 2000 to February 2002

- Responsible for purchasing, expediting and recording all supplies needed by Field Managers for various
levels of volume production. Researching and ordering cost beneficial electrical supplies for all job and office
related work. Coordinating supplies needed with delivery times.

Estimator Outside Sales and Job Foreman
MMI Electrical Contractors, Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 1999 to September 2000

2472-74 Frankford Avenue, Philadelphia, PA 19125 215 634 1087 Estimator Outside Sales and Job Foreman
-  Estimated  various  jobs,  solicited  new  business  and  managed  jobs  consisting  of  different  size  crews.
Accomplishments included; Alpha Telecommunication Relay Stations, Circuit City HVAC upgrade in PA and
NJ, and a Pediatric Center.

Prior experiences as Project Coordinator, Expeditor and Foreman of $20,000,000+ jobs.

EDUCATION

dielectric Hipot testing in Bucket trucks
Von Corporation - Birmingham, AL
1996 to 1996

Vocational
Montgomery County Vocational Technical School
1977 to 1979

SKILLS

Hand take-off merchantising /solisting sub-contractors,Drafting, schematics,excel computer literite

LINKS

http://www.drilightning.net

http://www.linkedin.com

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

COMPUTER SKILLS

Training and experience with mainframe products as needed. Daily Internet use as well as experience working
with Excel and Word as needed.

