William Cornish

Senior Staff Environment, Safety & Health Engineer - LOCKHEED MARTIN

Phoenixville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/William-Cornish/98f9eee1ebef76c6

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Staff Environment, Safety & Health Engineer
LOCKHEED MARTIN - IS&GS  -  King of Prussia, PA - 2011 to Present

I support the North East region of the Asset Management Group (AMG) EESH organization. Responsibilities
span environment, safety and health requirements with emphasis on OSHA industrial safety, environmental
programs, chemical and waste management, Facilities, and emergency response team support. Routine duties
also include occupational safety, incident investigations, accident reduction, data management and metrics
reporting. Develops &/or enhances enterprise tools to facilitate implementation of specific programs and ESH
management systems. I have planned and implement safety policies and procedures in compliance with local,
state and federal Occupational Safety and Health (OSHA) rules and regulations. Conducted site audits and
risk/self-assessments to ensure conformance to company, customer and corporate requirements. Providing
code compliance to meet all Federal, State, and local codes and safety regulations for King of Prussia site.
Responsible  for  OSHA  compliance  300  Log,  PPE,  Asbestos  Abatements,  Industrial  Hygiene,  Risk  /  Loss
Management, Construction Safety, Fire Protection and Life Safety, Accident Investigation, DOT Compliance.
I am the SME (Subject Matter Expert) on ICC Building Code and FM Global Insurance requirements. Incident
Command and Emergency Response Team lead for site. Responsible for conducting and developing training
programs and materials for employees that institute compliant safe work practices. Write site safety plans and
assessments and perform (JHA) Job Hazard Analysis for employee's individual job tasks.

Facilities Engineer Staff
LOCKHEED MARTIN - IS&GS  -  King of Prussia, PA - 2008 to 2011

I  was  responsible  for  all  facets  of  facility  operations,  maintenance,  upgrades  and  modifications.  Ensured
key organization structure activities are effectively incorporated into the program (Preventative Maintenance,
Risk  Management,  Metrics,  Scheduling,  etc.)  Oversaw  the  planning,  reconfiguration,  maintenance,  and
alteration of equipment, machinery, buildings, structures and other facilities projects. Gather and reviewed
data concerning facility or equipment specifications, required completion date and construction feasibility for
projects. I coordinated with architecture/engineering firms and insurance entities (FM Global) in developing
design criteria and preparing layout and detailed drawings. Prepared bid sheets and contracts for construction
and facilities acquisition; reviews and estimated design cost including equipment, installation, labor, materials,
preparation and other related costs. I was responsible for the inspection, construction and installation progress
to ensure conformance to established drawings, specifications and schedules.

Facilities Construction Manager
LOCKHEED MARTIN - IS&GS  -  King of Prussia, PA - 2005 to 2008

Responsible  for  a  24  man  Construction  Team  of  Electricians,  Drywall  Installers,  Plumbers,  Carpenters,
Roofers,  Data  and  Telecommunication  Techs.  Managed  and  scheduled  upgrades  and  renovation  to
government  customer  SCIF  level  program  areas.  Project  Managed  in-house  work  crews  as  well  as
outside  General  Contractors  responsible  for  all  Mechanical,  Structural,  Electrical,  Plumbing  and  Data
Telecommunications  Engineering.  I  was  responsible  for  demolition,  construction  and  renovations  projects
in  accordance  with  CADD  Architectural  drawings  and  specifications  including  major  roofing  projects  (US

Roofing)  for  site.  Manages  the  planning,  design  and  oversight  for  the  construction  of  new  or  expanded
facilities. Responsible for coordinating subordinate employee recruitment, selection and training, performance
assessment,  work  assignments,  salary,  and  recognition/disciplinary  actions.  Directs  the  preparation  of
architectural,  engineering,  and  cost  estimates,  functional  studies,  construction  plans,  specifications,  and
schedules. Supervises outside contractors. Oversees the recommendation of architectural and engineering
design procedures and standards for the planning and design of facilities. Supervises the detailed design,
budgetary costing, standardized construction, and final inspection of facility projects. Oversees construction
surveillance to ensure adherence to contractual requirements. Insures engineering consulting services to local
and divisional offices.

Facilities Engineer
LOCKHEED MARTIN - IS&GS  -  King of Prussia, PA - 2001 to 2004

Plant Engineer responsible for Mechanical, Electrical and Plumbing projects and equipment. Lead engineer
on the installation of NFPA 72 compliant Fire Alarm systems in multiple buildings on Valley Forge, Pa campus.
Other project installations include AHU (Air Handling Units), CRAC units (Computer Room Air Conditioning)
PDUs  (Power  Distribution  Units)  and  Building  Management  System  sensors  &  controls.  Oversaw  major
Roofing Projects at Buildings D, A, C and 100 in accordance with FM Global and NRCA.

Environmental Safety & Health Analyst Staff
LOCKHEED MARTIN - M&DS  -  King of Prussia, PA - 1994 to 2001

Interprets,  recommends,  and  complies  with  environmental,  health  and  safety  regulations  and/or  company
policies. Assists in planning for changes in physical facilities to meet new environmental requirements. Finds,
evaluates, and prepares contracts for properly licensed hazardous and radioactive waste disposal firms and
monitors waste handling. Organizes and equips spill-control teams. Writes and updates environmental and
spill-control  manuals  and  procedures.  Prepares  environmental  impact  statements  and  applies  for  all  new
permits and renewals. Provides input to federal and state regulators through trade associations and industry
groups for the writing and revision of regulations.

Quality Assurance Eng. Specialist
MARTIN MARIETTA - M&DSO  -  King of Prussia, PA - 1989 to 1994

Project Supervisor, Systems Test Lead, Electro-Mechanical design engineering, and project management of
quality program, quality assurance inspections of printed circuit boards, electrical communication systems,
audits and compliance to classified government programs. Develops, modifies, applies and maintains quality
evaluation  and  control  systems  and  protocols  for  processing  materials  into  partially  finished  or  finished
materials product. Collaborates with engineering and manufacturing functions to ensure quality standards are
in place. Devises and implements methods and procedures for inspecting, testing and evaluating the precision
and accuracy of products and production equipment. Designs and analyzes inspection and testing processes,
mechanisms and equipment; conducts quality assurance tests; and performs statistical analysis to assess
the cost of and determine the responsibility for, products or materials that do not meet required standards
and specifications. Audits quality systems for deficiency identification and correction. Ensures that corrective
measures meet acceptable reliability standards and that documentation is compliant with requirements. May
specialize  in  the  areas  of  design,  incoming  material,  production  control,  product  evaluation  and  reliability,
inventory control and/or research and development as they apply to product or process quality. May be certified
in lean and six-sigma quality engineering methodologies.

Electro-Mechanical Engineering Tech (Team lead)
GENERAL ELECTRIC  -  King of Prussia, PA - 1986 to 1989

M&DSO, King of Prussia, PA, Electro-Mechanical Engineering Tech 1986 to 1989

Design, assembly, and testing of electrical and mechanical components and systems for classified government
program. Team lead on multi-million dollar international site installations at US Embassies.

Supply Chain Management Specialist
GENERAL ELECTRIC  -  King of Prussia, PA - 1985 to 1986

Generation of material requests, acquisition, status and allocation of materials, parts and equipment resources
per program requirements. Supply Chain purchasing agent for government contract customers.

EDUCATION

BS in Management GPA: 3.8/4.0 Magnum cum Laude
WIDENER UNIVERSITY - Chester, PA
1997

Associates of Science in Engineering
DELAWARE County Community College - Media, PA
1983

SKILLS

Microsoft Word And Excel (10+ years), Powerpoint Presentations (10+ years), CAD (5 years), Building
Code Plan Review (10+ years), Hazwoper Technicial Level (10+ years), Respirator and SCBA Certifird
(10+ years), Fall Protection Specialist (10+ years), Firefighter (10+ years), OSHA 29 CFR 1910 and 1926
proficient (10+ years), OSHA 30 hour Construction Training (10+ years), Workers Compensation Claims (5
years)

AWARDS

Corporate EESH Excellence Award
September 2015
Award was won for developing enterprise wide Industrial Hygiene Working Group Initiative for Lockheed Martin.
Initiative included Control of Legionella, IEQ, Qualitative and Quantitative Assessments, PPE procurement
process with Grainger Industrial which included the integration of Hazardous Assessments (JHA) ensuring
regulatory compliance for the enterprise, Air Sampling with Summa Canisters, Industrial Exposure Controls,
and Employee Ergonomics.

CERTIFICATIONS

CPR and First Aid certified
2014 to Present
Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation certified 
First Aid Certified

CPMM
2010 to Present
Certified Plant Maintenance Manager

PA Asbestos Building Inspector
2008 to Present

Certified  Asbestos  Building  Inspector.  Able  to  take  samples  and  complete  chain  of  custody  of  Asbestos
containing materials.

GROUPS

NFPA
October 2000 to Present
National Fire Protection Association Member

NSC
October 2000 to Present
National Safety Council Member

ASSE
October 2000 to Present
American Society of Safety Engineers

ICC
October 2000 to Present
International Code Council Member

ASHRAE
2000 to Present
American Society of Heating, Refrigerating & Air Conditioning Engineers Member

IFMA
2000 to Present
International Facilities Management Association Member

AFE
October 2000 to Present
Association of Facilities Engineers Member
CPMM (Certified Plant Maintenance Manager)

Safety Committee
October 2000 to Present
Chairman for Lockheed Martin Target Zero Safety Committee

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

-In process for ASP and CSP Certifications through Bowen ESH, LLC.
-In process for CHMM Certified Hazardous Materials Manager through Bowen ESH, LLC.

