Winsor Naugler

Process Engineer for Specialty Chemical Company - OXFORD INTERNATIONAL

Fort Washington, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Winsor-Naugler/11abddf7d4912c66

Over twenty years of engineering experience in the design and application of process and control systems for
chemical, pharmaceutical and manufacturing firms.
Project Manager - from concept to implementation and optimization, including budget control, specification
development, bid package preparation, procurement of material, schedule tracking, installation coordination,
selection of skilled tradesmen (vendors), training and maintainability.
Petrochemical Process, I&E and Mechanical experience includes the design, control and system optimization
of processes using packed and plate columns, crystallizers, chillers, driers, heat exchangers, boilers, power
generation, and distribution systems.
Software experience includes SAP, MS Project, Word, Excel, Access, Provox, Delta V, A-B PLCs, Foundation
Fieldbus, DeviceNet, Modicon and WonderWare.
Pharmaceutical experience includes the design, commissioning and validation of process and infrastructure
systems under cGMP and GAMP.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Process Engineer for Specialty Chemical Company
OXFORD INTERNATIONAL  -  Beverly, MA - 2010 to Present

Albemarle, Orangeburg, SC).
Developed process for decontamination of low Reportable Quantity (RQ) corrosion inhibitor in chilled brine
systems, reconfigured manufacturing process to eliminate MeCl2 emissions, conducted stress test of emission
control system, prepared PFDs for Waste Water Treatment System and devised modifications to bring system
under control

Process Engineer for Biopharmaceutical R&D Facility
IPS, INC  -  Lafayette Hill, PA - 2009 to 2010

Merck - West Point, PA)
Commissioning Engineer for Tunnel Ventilation Facility (Amtrak, Long Island City, NY)
Commissioning Engineer for Recombinant Biopharmaceutical Facility (Shire HGT, Lexington, MA)

Process Engineering Project Manager for Petrochemical Plant
DAY and ZIMMERMANN INTERNATIONAL, INC  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2003 to 2008

Solutia, Chocolate Bayou, TX)
-Performed Process System Optimization on capital projects to achieve improvements in operational control,
reliability safety and cost. Demonstrated cost savings in excess of $6 Million over three years, with per-project
cost savings as much as 90% on projects completed.
-Repaired and restored to service 26-mile cross-country pipeline.
-Modified Alkylation unit operations and controls to produce high-molecular weight product.
-Designed steam generation system to produce 50# steam from process stream.
-Developed process to treat EPA Mixed Waste to meet LDRs.
-Designed passive fail-safe system for TETF vent stream to comply with RCRA regulations.
-Developed software solution to Waste Heat Boiler Superheat instability-induced failure.
-Redesigned glycol distribution system to eliminate system cascade failure and system starvation.
-Modified wastewater system to meet TCEQ limits for Benzene.

Project Lead for commissioning of Biopharmaceutical Production Facility (ImClone Systems Incorporated -
Branchburg, NJ)
Lead Engineer for U.S. licensing of Sterile Injectibles Facility (Hemofarm - Vrsac, Serbia)
Performed site evaluation per cGMP and GAMP, identified compliance issues, and performed qualification of
systems and utilities.
Lead Engineer on site remediation project per Consent Decree (Schering-Plough, Kenilworth, NJ)
Performed qualification of utilities and stability systems to bring facility into compliance.

Lead Engineer for Process Data Historian
OXFORD INTERNATIONAL  -  Beverly, MA - 2002 to 2003

upgrade (CIM.21 to InfoPlus.21) and Delta V implementation projects (Contract - Pharmacia, Kalamazoo, MI)

Airline Pilot
ALLEGHENY AIRLINES/US AIRWAYS EXPRESS  -  Middletown, PA - 2001 to 2002

Flew DHC-8 on East Coast, from Florida to Quebec to Western Kentucky.

Lead I&C Engineer
DAY and ZIMMERMANN INTERNATIONAL, INC  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2001 to 2001

on bulk pharmaceutical chemical mfg. facility (MedImmune, Fredricksburg, MD).
Designed DeviceNet network for I/O.

Project Manager for GAMP
VALSPEC  -  Pottstown, PA - 2001 to 2001

implementation at pharmaceutical manufacturing facility (Faulding/Alpharma, Elizabeth, NJ)

Project Manager
STELEX, Inc  -  Bensalem, PA - 2000 to 2001

for commissioning of new parenteral packaging facility WonderWare project (Merck, Mirabel, FR)
Project Manager for pharmaceutical chemical manufacturing facility ABB Mod 30 automation project (Merck,
Rahway, NJ)
Project Manager for 21CFR11 compliance per Consent Decree (Wyeth Ayerst, Marietta, PA).

Lead I&C Engineer
RAYTHEON ENGINEERS & CONSTRUCTORS  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1990 to 2000

for retrofit of ammonium sulfate crystallizer system. (AlliedSignal, Hopewell, VA)
Implemented control under Provox in HVAC control system upgrade.
Lead I&C Engineer for cigarette mfg facility (Philip Morris, Richmond, VA)
Wrote and implemented PLC, SCADA interface and HMI applications.
Lead Engineer for medical device manufacturer (Schneider Pfizer, Bachenbuelach, CH)
Development  and  qualification  of  microprocessor-controlled  EtO  sterilization  and  desorption  processes  for
angioplasty catheters and stents.
Control System Engineer (RCI, Florence, SC)
Participated in development of PCR-2 - a proprietary Pharmaceutical Manufacturing DCS.
Lead Engineer for pharmaceutical R&D facility (Merck, West Point, PA)
Performed startup and qualification of systems including Fluidized Bed Processor, Septum Siliconizer/Washer,
Tablet Press, Tablet Coater and HVAC.
Lead Engineer at cGMP manufacturing facility (Abbott, Abbott Park, IL)

Performed refit, startup, turnover and system validation of pilot plant bioreactor and concentration system.
Performed  temperature  distribution  studies  of  controlled  environment  and  biosafety  cabinet  vapor  (H2O2)
sterilization process.
Field Engineer for qualification and commissioning of monoclonal antibody mfg facility (Bristol - Myers Squibb,
Candiac, PQ)
Field Engineer at pharmaceutical R&D facility (Glaxo, RTP, NC)
Qualification of DCS (Bailey Net 90).
I&C Engineer for design of pharmaceutical mfg facility. (Sandoz, Ringaskiddy, IR)
Prepared P&IDs, instrument indices and specifications.
I&C Engineer for design of cereal mfg facility. (GMI, Phoenix, AZ)
Prepared P&IDs, instrument indices and specifications
I&C Engineer for commissioning of Replacement Tritium Facility and of Plutonium Fabrication Facility. (SRS,
Aiken, SC)
Designed  layout  and  supervised  installation  of  GC/Mass  Spec  capillary  system,  specified  and  installed
instrumentation in Tritium purification system, prepared P&IDs, instrument indices and specifications

Graduate Student, Electrical and Computer Engineering
DREXEL UNIVERSITY  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1987 to 1989

Director of Quality Control
LAMBERTVILLE CERAMIC MFG. CO  -  Lambertville, NJ - 1986 to 1987

Technical Firings & Kiln Department Operations. Developed processes for manufacture of superconductive
ceramics, toughened zirconia, precision injection molded ceramics and high-fired technical ceramics.

Production Manager
POSITIVE PLUS GRAPHIC ARTS  -  New York, NY - 1983 to 1986

for  graphics  facility.  Systematized  and  automated  production  of  graphic  materials  to  increase  throughput
fourfold and to eliminate waste. Returned failing company to profitiability.

Physics  Instructor  for  Department  of  Education  &  Graduate  Student  in  Electrical
Engineering
UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS, Urbana  -  Champaign, IL - 1981 to 1983

Champaign, Illinois 1981 - 1983
Physics Instructor for Department of Education & Graduate Student in Electrical Engineering

R&D Engineer
MICROWAVE SYSTEMS ENGINEERING  -  Queens, NY - 1979 to 1981

Developed proprietary systems for packaging and manufacture.

Undergraduate Student, Chemical and Mechanical Engineering
WPI  -  Worcester, MA - 1974 to 1979

Photographer
UNITED STATES ARMY - 1971 to 1974

LRRP
POL (Aviation Fuel Point) Specialist

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Electrical Engineering

Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
June 1996

Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering & Thermo/Fluid Mechanical Engineering
Worcester Polytechnic Institute - Worcester, MA
June 1979

