Ashley Sanders

Housekeeping Supervisor - The Rittenhouse Hotel

Blackwood, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashley-Sanders/cb17f71c274b685f

Have been working in the hospitality field for over 10 years
Willing to relocate to: Atlanta, GA
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping Supervisor
The Rittenhouse  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2012 to Present

Plan and prepare employee work schedules.
• Coordinate activities with other departments to ensure that services are provided in an efficient and timely
manner.
• Inspect work performed to ensure that it meets specifications and established standards.
• Perform or assist with cleaning duties as necessary, handled all paperwork, 
• Confer with staff to resolve performance and personnel problems, and to discuss company policies.

Head of Housekeeping
Candlewood Suites  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - October 2009 to October 2012

Perform or assist with cleaning duties as necessary.
• Ran housekeeping department and day to day operations

Housekeeper
Holiday Inn Express  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2005 to June 2009

Carried linens, towels, toilet items, and cleaning supplies, using wheeled carts.
• Disinfected equipment and supplies, using germicides or steam-operated sterilizers.
• Cleaned rooms, hallways, lobbies, lounges, restrooms, corridors, elevators, stairways, locker rooms, and
other work areas so that health standards are met.

Stylist
Lister, Private Boutique  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2005 to May 2009

Sketched  rough  and  detailed  drawings  of  apparel  or  accessories,  and  write  specifications  such  as  color
schemes, construction, material types, and accessory requirements.
• Purchased new or used clothing and accessory items as needed to complete designs.
• Dressed multiple clients for events and created a portfolio

EDUCATION

BA in Marketing & Management
Art Institute of Pittsburgh

SKILLS

Microsoft Suites (8 years), Typing (8 years), Answering Phones (8 years)

AWARDS

Opening Team Team
September 2013
I received an Award for being apart of the opening of a new Courtyard Marriott.

