Jená Hudson

Administrative Assistant - CONTRACTORS ASSOCIATION OF EASTERN PA

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jena-Hudson/9a44b6e599c83cb7

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Administrative Assistant
CONTRACTORS ASSOCIATION OF EASTERN PA  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2013 to Present

• Provide support to administrative office by sorting and distributing the mail, managing and organizing record
keeping systems for more than 100 contracting association members, and refilling office supplies.
• Use of Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint daily for data entry, creating spreadsheets, record keeping
and depositing funds for association member's dues and creating fliers/bulletins for member announcements.
• Assist current and potential contracting association members, by responding to inquiries in person, through
e-mail, or telephone while responding in a timely fashion.
• Greeting association members, organize and plan association member's events throughout the year and
updating the contractor's association website.

Branch Sales Representative
POLICE AND FIRE FEDERAL CREDIT UNION  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2007 to April 2013

• Provide quick and efficient customer service to members on a daily basis by using the Advantage banking
software system.
• Respond to member's problems and concerns, keep the members calm if the situation is serious, and make
sure that the problems are resolved.
• Assist members with various types of loans and services provided by the credit union and assist with the
loan closing process.

Assistant Administrative Secretary, Biology Department
TEMPLE UNIVERSITY, Biology Department  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2010 to February 2013

• Provide support to administrative office by sorting and distributing the mail, managing and organizing record
keeping systems for more than 1600 biology students, and refilling office supplies. 
•  Use  of  Microsoft  Word,  Excel,  and  PowerPoint  daily  for  data  entry,  creating  spreadsheets,  and  fliers  for
departmental announcements. 
• Greeting student and faculty members, and respond timely to various calls for mail deliveries from 8-10 faculty
departments around campus. 
• Assist professors and potential biology students, ranging from undergraduate to graduate, by responding to
inquiries in person, through e-mail, or telephone.

EDUCATION

Business
School of Fashion Merchandising and Management
2013 to Present

Associates
School of Business Administration

2013 to 2016

Associate in Arts in Theater
School of Communications and Theater - Philadelphia, PA
2010 to 2012

High School Diploma
NORTHEAST HIGH SCHOOL - Philadelphia, PA
2005

SOUTHERN NEW HAMPSHIRE UNIVERSITY - Manchester, NH

TEMPLE UNIVERISTY - Philadelphia, PA

SKILLS

Microsoft Office (10+ years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS:
Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Outlook and Excel, Advantage Banking Software
Creative, multitasking, quick decision making, flexible, open minded, willing to learn and quick problem solving
Effective verbal and communication skills, organized, dedicated, ability to prioritize and strong interpersonal
skills

