Jessica Santos

Customer Service and Sales Associate, Fashion Representative

Lansdale, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jessica-Santos/7af0aa78a443a396

To obtain a part time position with an upbeat company with flexible hours that will allow me to utilize all of
my experience and skills.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Customer Service and Sales Associate, Fashion Representative
AMERICAN EAGLE  -  North Wales, PA - November 2012 to January 2013

Provided customer service assistance for a unisex retailer of every day fashion for teens to adults while wearing
their attire to create brand awareness.
• Politely greeted and assisted customers while efficiently processing transactions.
•  Recorded  and  reported  sales  data  and  assisted  with  store  stocking,  floor-sets  and  opening/closing
procedures.
• Recorded sales data and operated advanced register system, scanners, and computers.

Assistant Manager and Customer Service Associate, Bakery
TABORA FARM & ORCHARD  -  Chalfont, PA - September 2011 to October 2012

Provided operational support for a bakery with two locations by implementing customer service in Lansdale
and Chalfont.
• Started as a Cashier and Store Clerk, promoted to Assistant Manager and helped open second location.
• Promoted merchandise and hosted events through managing social media accounts and delivered bakery
orders.

Hostess and Food Runner
METROPOLITAN DINER & BAR  -  North Wales, PA - July 2010 to September 2011

Assisted customers for a high end diner and bar, specializing in American traditional cuisine.
• Welcomed guests and sat them accordingly, including handling reservations and training all staff.
• Served as food runner when needed and developed experience working closely with management to look
after other employees.

SKILLS:
• Proficient in Microsoft Office Suites
• Experience with Adobe Photoshop, Corel Painter, and PaintShop Pro

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Business Administration in Marketing
TEMPLE UNIVERSITY, Fox School of Business - Philadelphia, PA

