Aarron Batts

Housekeeping

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aarron-Batts/84cb03ce3874ee03

I am a motivated leader with strong organizational and prioritization abilities.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Garden Service  -  Philadelphia, PA - December 2013 to Present

Philadelphia Zoo - Philadelphia, PA

. As an employee of the department of Garden service/housekeeping my job duties
are performing the tasks of maintaining cleanliness of the grounds and buildings throughout the zoo which
consist of sweeping, mopping, emptying
trashcans, wiping tables, hosing, vacuuming, dusting, recycling and picking up litter. Also other duties are
performing leaf removal, snow removing, ice
removal, drain cleaning, moving furniture, office equipment, boxes, assisting
guest with questions and providing information and also handling complaints and lastly setting up and breaking
down events setup at the Philadelphia zoo
I started working at Philadelphia Zoo December 26, 2013 and I am still working
their as of May 4, 2016. I started as seasonal employee and then got offer a
full time position.
.

Stock person
Dollar Tree  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2012 to August 2012

As employee of Dollar Tree stock team my job duties where storing items in an orderly and accessible manner
in  storage  room,  stocking  shelves,  helping  unload  the  truck  with  packages,  answer  customers  questions
about merchandise and advise customers on merchandise selection, stamp, attach, or change price tags on
merchandise, referring to price list and lastly was assign to do cashier a couple
times.
I started working at dollar tree on June 22, 2012 and I resigned from Dollar Tree on August 20, 2012. The
reason I stopped working there is because I left to go
attend college at Cheyney University.

Homework Helper
Philadelphia Library  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2011 to June 2012

As an employee of the Free library of Philadelphia my job duties where helping
children of grades of k-11 with homework and creating activities from them to participate in.

The Free library was my first job that I started in the summer of 2011 on July
5. I was referred to work at the free library by a program called worked ready. I
was only pose to work at the free library as summer job but was offer to stay to work through the school year. I
stop working at the Library on June 15, 2012 because it was end of the school year and I wanted start looking
for employment
somewhere else.

Stock person
Hollister  -  Neshaminy, PA - December 2011 to February 2012

Hollister - Bensalem, PA
As an employee of Hollister sales/stock team my job duties was to greet customers
entering and exiting the store, watching over dress rooms, bringing and arranging
merchandise on the sales floor, helping customers with questions and directing good sales choices and lastly
working at the cash register.
I started working there in December 20, 2011 and I resigned from there on
February 12, 2012. The reason of me leaving was I was only offered a seasonal
position.

EDUCATION

Criminal Justice
Community College of Philadelphia - Philadelphi
2015 to 2017

Cheyney University - Cheyney, PA
2012 to 2013

High School Diploma in Auto mechanic
Randolph Skill Center - Philadelphia, PA
2009 to 2012

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
Leadership skills, pay attention to
details, reading comprehension,
complex problem solving, fast learner,
motivated and friendly

