Albert Johnson

Chief Engineer - RAMADA CITY CENTER

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Albert-Johnson/ea968f11f260105a

Strong organizational skills, detail oriented; well-regarded for interpersonal, written and oral communication
abilities; capable of handling multiples tasks simultaneously; acquire and apply knowledge rapidly; can work
independently with minimal supervision or as a contributing team member.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Chief Engineer
RAMADA CITY CENTER - December 2013 to Present

Repair all electrical matters, control circuits; replace faulty equipment including and installing HVAC systems.
Maintain and correct hotel water pressure and all temperature gauges. Assist with renovation/remolding of
211 room hotel. Fix toilets, sinks, all pluming issues, repair furniture, bed frames Install carpet, paint, create
molding, welding repair drywall and outdoor A/C units.

Head Maintenance Man
BEST WESTERN HOTEL - June 2013 to November 2013

Repair all electrical matters, control circuits; replace faulty equipment including and installing HVAC systems.
Maintain  and  Fix  toilets,  sinks,  all  pluming  issues,  repair  furniture,  bed  frames  Install  carpet,  paint,  create
molding, welding repair drywall.

Tire Technician
44th STREET TIRE & RIMS - September 2009 to June 2013

Perform all necessary tire repairs, dismounts and mounts of all tires. Check-in code and tag all tires. Maintain all
tire department equipment to keep in safe working order. Light mechanics (brakes, chain starters, oil changes)

Store Manager
BOTTOM OF THE SEA - June 2002 to September 2009

Responsible for all daily operations of a seafood restaurant. Hiring, training, supervising and terminations Set
work schedules, calculate payroll, daily paperwork, operate cash register and assist with food preparation.

School Bus Driver
ATLANTIC EXPRESS - November 2000 to June 2002

Obtained CDL license responsible for transporting parochial children to and from school. Upheld excellent
customer  service  skills,  maintained  safe  transportation  regulations  &  guidelines.  Responsible  for  vehicle
inspections on daily bases.

Security Guard
FACES LOUNGE - May 1998 to November 2000

Monitor and authorize entrance and departure of employees, visitors and other persons to guard against theft.
Daily security checks on and off site.

Assistant Manager
D.C. TIRE SHOP - May 1994 to May 1998

Oversee  efficient  daily  operations  retail  tire  store.  Open  and  close  shop,  maintained  inventory,  orders
merchandise, processed accounts, payable/receivable; payroll, invoices and other daily paper work.

EDUCATION

General Studies
University City High School
1980

CERTIFICATIONS

n/a

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS:

Customer service oriented, managerial experience, CDL certification, Electrician, Carpenter, Welder, Painter,
Plummer,  cash  handling  experience,  HAVAC  trained,  Security  Furniture/Property  Restoration,  Hospitality,
Accounting and Mechanic.

