Aundray Dixon

Customer Service Associate

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aundray-Dixon/45da257d610cb2ab

If you are seeking a person with unique leadership abilities, a winner's mentality, and someone who brings
positive energy to the working environment, I am the man for this job. My leadership abilities separate me from
many, and my dedication allows me to complete tasks with full efficiency. I love working with people, and I
am highly competitive. If given the opportunity to work, I will give 110% to job responsibilities, and complete
each task to the best of my ability.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Customer Service Associate
Wawa  -  West Chester, PA - April 2015 to November 2015

Working with Wawa as a Customer Service Associate, I was asked to support the store management team to
successfully complete the day-to-day tasks needed such as food preparation, cash register, customer service,
and general housekeeping. In addition to the day-to-day task, other requirements were to be customer service
driven, have good communication skills, enjoy working with people, and to be organized.

Customer Service Associate
Saloon 151 Whiskey Bar& Grill  -  West Chester, PA - May 2015 to September 2015

One thing I can say about Saloon 151, two nights as an employee are never the same. I started as a member
of  the  food  preparation  team,  waited  tables  and  had  bar-back  responsibilities,  kitchen  line  cook,  and  food
expeditor. I had to communicate orders and information between the front kitchen and back of the kitchen,
making sure that food is cooked in the right order, quickly, and presented to the customer as beautifully as
possible.

Pre-Licensed Insurance Agent
Farmers Insurance  -  Downingtown, PA - February 2012 to April 2015

While  working  at  Farmers  Insurance,  I  became  a  Pre-Licensed  Insurance  Agent.  My  job  duties  consisted
of preparing a variety of quotes such as automobile, homeowners, renters, and life insurance. Aside from
preparing  quotes,  I  often  made  phone  calls,  sent  emails,  scheduled  meetings  with  possible  and  current
clientele, handled billing payments, discussed pricing and handled each clients situation personally and to the
best of my ability.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma
Harriton High School - Rosemont, PA
2011

General Education
Montgomery County Community College - Blue Bell, PA

Business in Business, Marketing, Management
Delware County Community College - Media, PA

SKILLS

Computer Skills (10+ years), Interpersonal Skills, Leadership Abilities, Fast Learner, Networking Skills,
Reliable and Flexible, Negotiating and Persuading Skills

LINKS

http://www.Facebook.com/ATDixon24

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills

• Leadership
• Creative
• Fast learner
• Reliable
• Networking skills
• Interpersonal skills
• Flexible
• Negotiating & Persuading skills

