Blake Dorso

Reliable, and dependable hard worker

Boothwyn, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Blake-Dorso/03ababe6f79a44c1

Associates in Computer Aided Design, and Drafting. over 6 years in the fire service. Attention to detail, and
proficient in using microsoft word, outlook, powerpoint, excel, and outlook
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Machine operator helper
Techmer PM  -  New Castle, DE - March 2016 to Present

Responsibilities
Help line operators with mixing, moving of material from blender to packaging. Clean machines when changing
over to different colors. Troubleshoot speeds of belts, cutters, and dies.

Active member
Boothwyn Fire Company - 2010 to Present

Work Experience:

Weighmaster
Johnson Matthey  -  Wayne, PA - November 2014 to February 2016

Responsibilities
Weigh  precious  metals  for  engineers,  weigh  up  various  scrap  materials,  label  them  and  prepare  them  for
shipping. shipped various precious metals to other company sites. checked inventory on chemicals. record
and file all paperwork within microsoft excel.

Accomplishments
Made the hazmat team on third shift

Skills Used
attention to detail, checked calculations from orders. triple checked amounts of metal that was being pulled.

Cell Room Operator
Pyromet INC  -  Chester Township, PA - December 2012 to November 2014

Wash silver crystal. Check ph balances in chemical baths. Change out old silver anodes. Filter and tray up
for baking of copper sludge.

Security Guard
Sun Center Studios  -  Aston, PA - February 2012 to November 2012

Responsibilities
Patrol grounds, check buildings, and check ids on incoming personnel

Internship, Peco, Berwyn, Pa
Peco  -  Berwyn, PA - June 2011 to December 2011

Responsibilities

Help with the designs of transmission line drawings. Scan and review old paper drawings and log them into
drawing library.

Maintenance personnel
Holy Savior St John Fisher School  -  Linwood, PA - January 2007 to May 2011

Responsibilities
Clean entire school, maintain school grounds. Set up for sports events, school events and parties.

EDUCATION

Associate in Computer Aided Drafting
Pennsylvania Institute of Technology - Media, PA
2009 to 2013

Diploma
Chichester High School
2009

SKILLS

Forklift (2 years), Microsoft Office (4 years), Autocad (4 years)

CERTIFICATIONS

Computer Aided Design and Drafting
September 2009 to December 2012

