Damian Griffith

Crew Leader/Housekeeping Supervisor

Claymont, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Damian-Griffith/9afee9500de3f836

WORK EXPERIENCE

Crew Leader/Housekeeping Supervisor
Markatos Services, Inc  -  Wilmington, DE - September 2011 to September 2015

Followed all safety requirements and procedures at all times, did some commercial cleaning
Performed preventative maintenance check on all equipment prior to use at beginning and end of the shift
Provides floor maintenance; including but not limited to, vacuuming, shampooing, bonneting and extracting
carpets, stairwells, and upholstery.
Provides cleaning services; such as, dusting, routine restroom, office cleaning. Responsible Completing and
assisting  in  New  Employee  On-boarding  consisting  of  training  on  the  proper  guidelines,  procedures,  and
usage of chemicals and equipment during and on an ongoing basis. Maintaining inventory, attendance, work
schedules, time sheets, and general reports for assigned cleaning crew.

Assembler/Maintenance/Warehouse worker
Edgecraft  -  Avondale, PA - September 2011 to September 2012

Sanitize the available facilities at the restroom: basins, urinals, and toilets

• Clean and polish windows, mirrors, and walls with in the ware house

• Maintain supplies in the restrooms

• Mop and polish the floors. Perform cleaning and maintaining duties and other tasks as ordered Work on an
assembly line putting together mechanical or fabricated parts that have been manufactured elsewhere.

• Also test and calibrate the parts to meet product specifications.
Recording shipping data, receiving and unpacking shipments. Order picking, and filling customer orders.

Meter Technician
Scope Services  -  New Castle, DE - January 2011 to August 2011

Travelled to client's location to read, record, and check the running of their meters. Installed, disconnected,
removed and reconnected electric power meters.

• Read electric and gas meters for the state of Delaware.

• Check meter for any malfunctions or problems Tested, repaired and monitored automated electrical meters.

•  Logged  meter  data  and  reported  statistics  through  the  company's  computer  system  to  ensure  proper
functioning of automated meters.

• .Working outside during inclement weather, along with disabling electric wires from meters.

Prep Cook, Dishwasher, Line Cook
Delaware River & Bay Authority  -  New Castle, DE - August 2009 to November 2010

Prepared meals for a small restaurant. Grilled, fried and cooked dinner for customers.
• Trained new personnel on kitchen procedures and cleaned food preparation equipment.

• Stocked and maintained sufficient levels of food products while assuring a smooth service period.

• Also maintained a clean and sanitary work station area including tables, shelves, grills, broilers, fryers, pasta
cookers, sauté burners, convection oven, flat top range and refrigeration equipment.

Custodial Supervisor/Maintenance
Brandywine School District  -  Claymont, DE - September 2005 to August 2009

Kept the surroundings clean and fresh. Cleaned windows, floors, kitchen, halls, restrooms and classrooms.

• Clean building & requisition stocking shelves of supplies and equipment.
Ability to operate and perform minor maintenance repairs on floor polishers, buffers and vacuum cleaners.

• Rearranging furniture, setting up accommodations for special events within the facility. Cleaned and sanitize
rest rooms, dusts and vacuums rooms, locks and unlocks doors;

• Moved equipment and furniture.

• Washed windows, screens, sills, woodwork, doors, desks, walls, and ceilings. Performed some repairs and
maintenance  of  buildings  by  patching  walls  and  doors,  painting  walls  and  trim,  and  replacing  fixtures  and
partitions; replaced damaged ceiling, floor tiles, and repairing carpets.

EDUCATION

Social Science
Roxbury Community College

Wilmington University - New Castle, DE

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS

Customer Service, Communication, Flexible, Problem Solving, (8 years)

