Danielle Boddie

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Danielle-Boddie/e49f6e7aa0fc109c

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Utility Worker
Aramark  -  King of Prussia, PA - March 2016 to May 2016

Responsibilities
Sort, scrape, stack and placed soiled dishes on cleaning area. 
Clean and sanitized pots & pans & kitchen utensils following proper (3) sink compartment method.
Inspect, sort, stack and deliver clean service ware to assigned places.
Clean and sanitize kitchen work areas, dining areas and food service equipment.
Power wash, clean and sanitize food service equipment. 
Filter and clean "fryer" units.
Sweep and mop floors.
Store perishable and dry product deliveries in a timely fashion.
Properly handled all food ingredients in accordance to safe food handling techniques, practices and guidelines.

Separated and removed trash packaging materials to designated disposal.
Transfer supplies and equipment by hand or with cart as identified by a supervisor.
Organized and maintain all storage areas.

Skills Used
Lifting walking standing reaching handling feeling talking hearing

Order Picker
Lyneer Staffing Solutions  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2016 to March 2016

Responsibilities
Each day at this job i held a handheld scanner,picked orders for shipping, counted order for shipping, constant
bending and lifting, made copies for supervisors, and helped other pickers until shift was complete

Skills Used
Math

Dishwasher
Sodexo Inc  -  Bethlehem, PA - August 2015 to November 2015

Monitored entrance of the dining area
Arranged appropriate equipment for cooking
Moved used dishes through industrial dishwashing equipment
Stocked kitchen and dining area supplies
Greeted guests
Assisted in kitchen when needed
Maintained cleanliness of all food service areas and equipment
Sanitized kitchen surfaces

Driver helper

UPS  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2014 to September 2014

Demonstrated ability to follow directions 
Loaded packages on conveyor belts and on delivery trucks
Ability to lift up to 50Ibs
picked correct orders for shipping
Used a handheld scanner 
packaged picked orders
made sure orders where correct for shipping
Swept, dust, and mopped to ensure clean and safe work environment.
Prepare parcels for shipping
Identified damage, loss, or surplus of goods and materials stored in the warehouse
Weighed and counted items for distribution to ensure conformance to company standards
Sorted and placed materials on racks, shelves, or in bins according to predetermined sequence such as size,
type, style, color, or product code

cashier
shop n bag  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2012 to January 2013

Monitored entrance of the dining area
Arranged appropriate equipment for cooking
Moved used dishes through industrial dishwashing equipment
Stocked kitchen and dining area supplies
Greeted guests
Assisted in kitchen when needed
Maintained cleanliness of all food service areas and equipment
Sanitized kitchen surfaces

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills
Dishwashing
●  skilled  in  maintaining  cleanliness  of  all  kitchen  equipment  including;  glassware,  flatware,  silverware,
cookware, pots and pans.
● Excellent communication, time management and customer service skills
● Skilled at ensuring proper supply of clean dishware, utensils, and glassware to stock the dining area.
● Able to handle and transport glassware cautiously
Communication
● Ability to listen and interpret directions
● Excellent written and verbal communication skills

