Darnell Thomas

Engineer - Homewood Suites

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Darnell-Thomas/dec17b95383c02e7

WORK EXPERIENCE

Engineer/Maintenance/Shuttle Driver
Homewood Suites  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2012 to Present

Conduct room inspections and identify repair needs. Install or repair sheet rock and other wall coverings. Paint
designated areas and items. Install and replace basic electrical fixtures, rewire breaker boxes, replace light
switches, receptacles, light bulbs and fixtures. Maintain pool, pool water treatment system and pool handicap
lift. Repair furniture. Install, replace, repair and program televisions. Perform minor plumbing functions. Replace
and  repair  heating  and  cooling  pumps  as  well  as  preventative  maintenance  on  units.  Trace  and  repair  all
types of water and electrical lines. Troubleshoot and repair kitchen equipment. Maintain repair and preventive
maintenance  records.  Perform  and  maintain  work  to  local,  state  and  Federal  codes.  Be  aware  of  guest
satisfaction scores and work toward increasing departmental and overall guest satisfaction. Follow Service
Recovery Guidelines.

Case Manager Aide
Horizon House - January 2007 to June 2009

Provide outreach services to locate and engage participants.
Engage and support participants so they address their recovery needs and successfully maintain permanent
housing.
Provide case management services to homeless and severely mentally
ill participants in natural environment or in their program housing.
Provide hands-on support in transporting clients to appointments,
court hearings, shopping, and learning skills of daily living skills.
Participate in the resolution of crises situations.
Assist participants in obtaining benefits such as SSI, SSDI, DPA, and medical insurance.
Provide direct support through effective communications with program staff, clients, and other providers.
Complete and maintain daily documentation

Driver
Cambrige - November 1999 to November 2006

Assisted mentally challenged adults with daily living skills.
Made calls to each residents room to confirm daily schedules.
Transported residents to and from appointments.
Assist residents with daily shopping and other daily activities.

Auto Tech / Service Writer
Strauss Auto - May 1996 to November 1999

Service and repaired different types of cars.
Changed oil and repaired tires
Track service/work orders; parts requests; perform timely follow-up with customer
Input/track work orders through computer
Prepare written estimates for service work and parts
Engine and electrical repair diagnostics

Keeping the shop area clean and being first contact for service customers via telephone and in person.
Act as liaison between customer and manufacturer reps and technicians
Ensure timely completion of work order and invoice submission

EDUCATION

Automotive technology
Lincoln Technical Institute
June 1995 to July 1996

