Deion Scott

Field Engineer - Oracle America Inc

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Deion-Scott/a6a0a4841c1c2d83

WORK EXPERIENCE

Field Engineer
Oracle America Inc  -  Trevose, PA - October 2015 to Present

Set-up,  repair,  installation  and  reprogramming  of  equipment  and/or  software.  Provide  phone  support  to
customers  and  technicians.  Installation  and  service  of  customer  servers.  Examine  mechanical  assemblies
such as printing mechanisms, counters, keyboards, PC motherboards, for worn or damaged parts. Replace
defective parts. Test electrical control units, wiring, and motors. Replace defective electrical parts. Clean and
oil moving parts.

Field Service Technician
Micros Systems Inc  -  Trevose, PA - January 2013 to October 2015

Set-up,  repair,  installation  and  reprogramming  of  equipment  and/or  software.  Provide  phone  support  to
customers and technicians. Make shipping arrangements for equipment to client site or for repair. Examine
mechanical assemblies such as printing mechanisms, counters, and keyboards, for worn or damaged parts.
Replace defective parts. Test electrical control units, wiring, and motors. Replace defective electrical parts.
Clean and oil moving parts.

POS Systems Consultant
Sicom Systems  -  Doylestown, PA - August 2011 to December 2011

Provided help desk support for point of sales systems. We help with the installs of point sales equipment thru
the use of linux and dos based operating systems. We also had to take remote access of customers pc thru
the use of o set up port forwarding and troubleshooting internet connection that could cause the lost of credit
card purchases for our clients. We also at times had to travel to new site to install and train new customers
on our point of sales equipment.

Communications Technician
Cablenet Services  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2011 to August 2011

Install  and  repair  telecommunications  equipment,  including  telephone,  cable  TV  and  internet  devices,  at
customers' homes and businesses. Including the switching and routing equipment that is set up at company
headquarters. Also travel to customers' property to maintain equipment. We were also required to be proficient
in Microsoft word, Power point, Excel, and Outlook. We were also required to climb poles to adjust or maintain
outside services lines, so that network connections remain stable.

Communications Technician Level 3
Comcast Cable  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2008 to June 2010

Install  and  repair  telecommunications  equipment,  including  telephone,  cable  TV  and  internet  devices,  at
customers' homes and businesses. Including the switching and routing equipment that is set up at company
headquarters. Also travel to customers' property to maintain equipment. We were also required to be proficient
in Microsoft word, Power point, Excel, and Outlook. We were also required to climb poles to adjust or maintain
outside services lines, so that network connections remain stable.

Sales Associate

Sears  -  Willow Grove, PA - October 2007 to April 2008

Assisted customers in the electronics department with product purchases and product knowledge. We had to
be proficient in the use of POS equipment. Resolved customers and staff complaints or inquiries. Helped set
up department floor plans and layouts.

Cashier/Stock Clerk
Collins Family Shoprite  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2005 to September 2007

Handle customer service in the check out area. Handle money transactions on the front end. Stock shelves in
the frozen food department when new items came in and kept pricing stickers up to date.

EDUCATION

Business
Community College Of Philadelphia
2007 to 2008

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Computer Knowledge
Microsoft word, Excel, Power point, Outlook, Access, Microsoft Programs, Open Vpn, Linux, Dos

