Dennis Day

Trenton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dennis-Day/c4c9d7f461b80c4b

WORK EXPERIENCE

Stower
Amazon Fulfillment  -  Robbinsville, NJ - August 2014 to January 2015

Responsibilities
Get  to  station  on  time  and  acquire  carts  filled  with  products  to  be  shipped  out,  take  products  off  carts  to
properly place into bins for shipment, as a process guide I had to train new employees on how to properly
stow products in a timely fashion, and keep track of all stowers on my floor as well as track their production
time for processing. 

Accomplishments
I helped speed up production so we would reach or exceed our daily rate, also helped other stowers who were
new or not as fast and proficient as me in order to keep production at a high rate, gave the job area a great
attitude to approach the work shift with, took advice and criticism to learn better ways to do my job.

Skills Used
Team work, learning a new system while teaching others the same in order to speed up production, counting
and  keeping  track  of  all  employees  on  floor  while  tracking  their  production  rate,  operating  in  a  fast  paced
environment and learning tactics to carry on into a new position.

Assembly Line Worker
Trane - Ingersoll Rand  -  Trenton, NJ - March 2014 to August 2014

Responsibilities
Assemble heating and ventilation filters for products, packing products off line into boxes in order to be shipped
out 

Accomplishments
I was able to speed up the production with innovative procedures to create filters at a faster pace as well work
on the line when needed, consistent job attendance to fill in places that needed workers.

Skills Used
fast assembling for ventilation in heat and venting products, I also was able to demonstrate fast learning skills
to blend in with more seasoned workers so production didn't slow down, while assembling products with fast
screwing and bolting for more production.

Receiving Associate
Burlington Coat Factory  -  Burlington, NJ - September 2013 to February 2014

Responsibilities
Load and unload products on and off trucks, pick and pack clothing to be sent out to stores, use the qv scanner
to organize different clothes by categories 

Accomplishments

Helped speed up production with installment of teams in certain warehouse areas, created a more speedy
flow of production by quickly packaging orders for shipments, created a good atmosphere for coworkers and
new employees to work in.

Skills Used
Learning how to multitask with different jobs in order to get more work done in less time, creative processing
on bringing new but efficient tactics in order for more production, learned how to lead a team and help in other
warehouse areas to assist in speeding up the pace of growth in the warehouse.

Trenton Psychiatric Hospital  -  Ewing, NJ - January 2012 to May 2013

As  maintenance  for  the  Trenton  Psychiatric  Hospital,  I  sped  up  the  quality  of  work  while  having  staffing
difficulties.
Cleaned all buildings in efficient timing as well as took care of others work that couldn't finish in a timely manner.
Created  great  work  atmosphere  for  daytime  employees  when  they  returned  to  their  buildings  by  the  next
morning.
Maintained  a  great  attitude  towards  bosses  and  co-workers  to  keep  a  speedy  process  of  quality  work
performed.

professional painter
Brenner Painting Associates  -  Ewing, NJ - October 2010 to September 2011

I've increased work projects because of speed and great quality of work.
Obtained enhanced painting skills in a short period of time.
Organized trucks for utilities to be pinpointed more quickly.
Created a comfortable atmosphere for co-workers to produce more.

Department of Community Affairs, Downtown  -  Trenton, NJ - February 2010 to August 2010

Trenton, NJ 02/10-08/10
Worked at Joule Temps, as a designated office mover, I developed organized office space for state employees.
Reorganized file cabinets for more efficient access to files.
Created spreadsheets on excel for staff recordkeeping.
Answering telephones, faxing, using PowerPoint to introduce new ideas.

-REFERNCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST-

EDUCATION

High School Diploma
Trenton Central High School - Trenton, NJ
September 2001 to September 2005

CERTIFICATIONS

Light industrial power machine
May 2016 to Present
Forklift certification for light industrial power machine

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS

Unloading merchandise on trucks, stocking items on shelves, transferring pallets w/forklift machine
Picking/Packing w/ RF Modulator
Painting, Snap on Tools, Landscaping, use of buffer
Data Entry, Customer Service, GWPM 45, Microsoft Office, Internet, Pro Tools
Event Host

