Ernaiyah Coleman

107 west 41st street Wilmington, DE - […] - nayah1490@gmail.com

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ernaiyah-Coleman/4b4bd19279680964

Experienced cashier/sales associate bringing dedication and great work ethic.Trained in customer service for
3+ years with certification in first aid/CPR.I have a passion for helping people and making them feel good. I
have great customer service skills and a positive attitude. i am a fast and easy learner who works well under
pressure, and most importantly, motivated.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sales Associate
H&M  -  Wilmington, DE - November 2014 to January 2015

Responsibilities
Maintain clean working enviroment, stock, answer customer questions, handle cash and transactions

Accomplishments
Becoming more outspoken while interacting face to face with customers. Giving them good fashion advice
and support

Skills Used
Working fast and efficiently, communication,

Cashier/Sales Associate
Beauty View  -  Wilmington, DE - August 2014 to January 2015

Responsibilities
cashier  handling  cash  and  transactions,  stocking  products,  beauty  advising,  answer  customer  questions,
answer telephone, maintain clean working environment. Style and cut wigs
Accomplishments
Making the customers feel good and confident when buying a product . Making them want to visit again .

Skills Used
Social skills , working fast and efficiently on busy days , keeping up with a neat environment

Cashier
McDonald's Corporate  -  Wilmington, DE - November 2013 to May 2014

Responsibilities
handle cash and transactions, making food and beverages, serving to customer cars, taking orders, maintain
clean working enviroment

Accomplishments
here i learned how to handle tough situations and customers with bad attitudes in the correct manor. I learned
to stay calm in tough situations

Skills Used
communication, enthusiasm

EDUCATION

Medical Assisting
Harris School of Business-Wilmington Campus - Wilmington, DE
2016 to 2016

High school diploma
Concord High School

SKILLS

Working with people , working under pressure , fast and efficiently . Cashier skills with handling transactions
and cash . Handling multiple tasks at once (3 years)

CERTIFICATIONS

CPR/First Aid

