Gary Gliwa

Maintenance Engineer

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Gary-Gliwa/f17c832c86f6e1bc

Seeking a position within the maintenance and engineering department that will utilize my diverse skills, talents
and knowledge. I have over twenty years of experience in the engineering field. I am a team player that also
works well independently, and I look forward to progressive responsibilities.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Maintenance Engineer
The Philadelphia Loews Hotel  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2000 to August 2010

Performed preventive maintenance work in the guestrooms including quality control, maintenance and repair of
plumbing fixtures, showerheads, toilets, sinks, water supply lines, electrical wiring, G.F.I. switches and outlets,
drop ceilings, a/c units, air-duct units, cold and hot side supply and return lines, drains, clogs and lighting.
Attended to basic carpentry requirements in guest rooms including painting and vinyl work, and served as
carpenter's assistant as required.
• Performed preventative maintenance work in a 650,000 square foot building
• Maintained 583 guest rooms and meeting room space
• Completed ESSPRESSO/Wintrek, Fire and Safety and Elevator Training Courses

Maintenance Engineer
Chilton Book Company  -  Radnor, PA - September 1996 to December 1999

Maintained the interior and exterior of a 250,000 square foot facility; removed old metal desks and reinstalled
cubicles; painted office rooms, cleaned carpets and used power washers; attended to basic mailroom duties
and distributed mail as required.

Customer Service and Stock Clerk
Kmart Corporation  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 1993 to December 1995

Received and unloaded freight and placed merchandise on sales floor; attended to the storage of seasonal
clothing and organizing merchandise in holding areas. Assisted with security and customer service as required.

Freight and Stock Clerk
Williamson Hospitality  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 1991 to May 1993

Received and unloaded freight; facilitated orders at high volume economy restaurant supply company.

Shipper/Receiver
Richardson's Brands Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 1985 to December 1990

Initially a candy manufacturer and worked on taffy pullers, cutters and rollers and packaging candy. Progressed
into shipping and receiving merchandise.

EDUCATION

Diploma
Frankford High School
1978

