Grismaldy Herrera

Housekeeping/ Team leader

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Grismaldy-Herrera/d938417f5dba99f1

Highly enthusiastic customer service professional with 10 years client interface experience.
Core Strengths
Strong organizational skills
Active listening skills
Sharp problem solver
Large cash/check deposits expert
Energetic work attitude
Inventory control familiarity
Customer service expert
Bilingual English/ Spanish
Housekeeping/ Hotel experience

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping/ Team leader
Marriott International Hotel & Resorts  -  Conshohocken, PA - April 2013 to October 2015

Resolved product/policy issues and shared benefits of new technology. Assisted customers with the hotel and
product complaints. Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer
complaints. Trained 2 new employees quarterly. Created new processes and systems for increasing
customer service satisfaction. Earned "Top custumer service" for two consecutive quarters in 1 year.
Earned housekeeper of the month 15 times in 2 years. Developed highly empathetic client relationships and
earned reputation for exceeding the cleanliness goal and interaction with the guest. Cross-trained and provided
back-up for other customer service representatives when needed. Worked as a team member
performing organization duties, room assistance and cleaning. Expressed appreciation and invited
customers  to  return  to  the  hotel.  Worked  under  strict  deadlines  and  responded  to  service  requests  and
emergency call-outs. Served as one of the most reliable company's bilingual Spanish/English customer
service representative. Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer complaints.

Cashier/ custumer service
Cousins supermarket  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2006 to April 2013

Philadelphia
Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity. Trained more than 5 new
employees quarterly. Created new processes and systems for increasing customer service satisfaction.
Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning. Managed quality
communication, customer support and product representation for each client. Worked under strict
deadlines and responded to service requests and emergency call-outs. Served as the company's only
bilingual Spanish/English customer service representative. Assisted customers with store and product
complaints. Resolved product/policy issues and shared benefits of new technology.

EDUCATION

Nueva Esperanza Academy - Philadelphia, PA
2006

Business Administration
Esperanza College - Philadelphia, PA

