Jasmine Wright

Upper Darby, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jasmine-Wright/ce1ac6de73e8a844

Seeking to obtain Career Advancement and Professional Growth with a growing Organization that will enable
me to use my professional skills and abilities to further the companies' success.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Abington Memorial Hospital  -  Abington, PA - January 2015 to April 2016

Responsibilities
Greet patients, dust, mop, clean and sanitize rooms and waiting areas.

Accomplishments
I started off casual and became full time.

Security Officer
securitas  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2014 to February 2015

Responsibilities
Each day at the job I would watch the monitors. I would greet everyone and make sure visitors sign in. I would
answer the phones and log everything that happen on my shift on the log book.

Accomplishments
I learn a lot, how to approach people that's very anger and to react to their behavior. 

Skills Used
my people skills: I am a very outgoing friendly person. But it's also a time where I have to put my feet down
being a officer. There are rules people have to follow.

Front Desk Clerk
Palmetto health hospital   -  Columbia, SC - June 2014 to December 2014

Responsibilities
Check patients in
Make appointments
Scan documents 
Answer phones

Front Desk Clerk
Best Western - March 2010 to October 2013
● check guest in, check guess out
● copy, fax
● book reservation, and keep a daftest work place

Package Handler
United Parcel Service  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2009 to October 2013

Daily worked varying shifts, additional hours, overtime as needed..
● Assist in inspecting, organizing, and moving packages.

● Proficient using computer and other data device including hand scanner.
● Worked independently and was relied on to complete multiple daily tasks.

Prime Flight Aviation Services / Customer Service
Philadelphia Airport  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2009 to 2010

Respond and resolve customer inquiries and problems.
● Assist customers with directions, complaints, questions, and issues on a daily basis.
● Interact with customers on the phone or face-to-face.
● Proficient conducting research in looking up information for the customer.

File Clerk
Delaware County Memorial Hospital  -  Drexel Hill, PA - August 2007 to February 2008

Experienced creating, processing, and managing file records as necessary.
● Quickly responded to questions and inquires about records and files.
● Interacted with customers on the phone or face-to-face.
● Performed general duties such as typing, operating office computer, and sorting mail.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma in General Studies, Cosmetology, Business
Upper Darby High School - Drexel Hill, PA
2005 to 2009

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
Administration,  Analytical,  Comprehension,  Trustworthy,  Reliable,  Quick  Learner,  Motivated,  Professional,
Microsoft Office software including Word, and Excel, Typing, Dependable, Organized, Customer Service

