Jemimah Mims

successful, innovative, effective communication skills, exceptional costumer service
skills, people oriented, visionary, in depth experience/ knowledge in culinary arts,
cosmetology, business and word processing, planning, developing, implementing
cutting edge solutions, strong orientation in finance and operations, ability to
overcome complex challenges

Camden, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jemimah-Mims/cf922821140f927c

Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
ABM Industries, Inc.  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - February 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
Perform a combination of light and heavy cleaning duties in a commercial environment.

Accomplishments
Maintain a clean and safe work environment.

Skills Used
The use of chemicals , clean lobbies, lounges, hallways, and conference rooms. Removal of garbage. Dust and
polish furnisher, ledges, desktops etc. Sweep and mop floor areas. Use of power scrubbers and wax machines.

Cashier/Customer Service
Forman Mills  -  Pennsauken, NJ - March 2012 to June 2015

Responsibilities
provided  exceptional  costumer  service  skills  all  of  the  time,  handled  cash,  loss  prevention,  stocking  and
merchandising, maintained hourly sells goals.

Accomplishments
the impact I had during the time of this job was making my costumers happy, working with my other associates
as a team.

Skills Used, hourly sell goals, stocking and merchandising, costumer service, loss prevention.

EDUCATION

Culinary arts, Bussiness, Printing.
Camden County Technical Schools - Sicklerville, NJ
2011 to 2014

SKILLS

Customer Service Experience (5 years), Business Development (2 years), Proficient In Microsoft Word (5
years), Data Entry (3 years), Communication Skills (5 years), Critical Thinker (5 years), Analytical Skills (5

years), Organizational Skills (5 years), Problem Solving (5 years), Professional Services (3 years), Loss
Prevention (3 years), Cleaning (7 years)

