joshua hernandez

Contractor, Building engineer

Pennsauken, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/joshua-hernandez/1d2d97cea00ed4f8

I am licensed and fully insured as a general contractor. I have many trade experiences, along with a plethora
of certifications and diplomas. I am currently a general contractor and a full time building engineer.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Building engineer
World communications   -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
Remodeling entire rooms. In charge of a budget and crew. Plumbing, carpentry, electrical are all trades that
were required each day. Cutting copper pipes and changed them to PVC, demo entire rooms and remodel
them from scratch. Drywall repairs, ballast replacements, VCT flooring installations.Managed a crew of five
maintenance technicians. 

Accomplishments
I remodeled completely over 6 rooms, managed an excellent crew. Saved over 1600 dollars each month on
water bills by using my knowledge in plumbing and being eco friendly. 

Skills Used
Electrical  skills,  plumbing  skills,  carpentry  skills,  communication  skills,  management  skills,  HVAC  skills.
Construction skills, flooring, certifications i have acquired and more.

Maintenance Tech
SMS  -  Mooristown Nj - December 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
Electrical work, ballast repairs, lighting, dry wall repairs. Painting, tile, HVAC minor repairs, pluming. Day to
day duties change each day.

Accomplishments
Very well known through the mall as I was at the cherry hill mall that I got things done, was always working
hard. Any problem the mall encountered such as power outage or roof leak I fixed. 

Skills Used
Everything I was taught at my internship and college has helped me in my everyday job duties, I also learn
new things as I am on the job.

handyman
josh and doms home remodeling   -  Pennsauken, NJ - October 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
Home remodels, floors, bathrooms, kitchens etc.

Accomplishments
fixed several homes and learned even on the job.

Skills Used
carpentry, flooring, dry wall hanging. Mathematical skills, plumbing.

maintenance tech
h&m  -  Cherry Hill, NJ

Responsibilities
Construction, maintain several h&m facilities. Maintenance techl lead

Accomplishments
Several promotions, and raises. 

Skills Used
Construction skills, supervisor skills to lead team .

EDUCATION

Associates in Construction management
Ashworth college
2015 to 2016

HVAC/R diploma, certification in HVAC
Ashworth College
2014 to 2015

Other in carpentry
Camden county college - Camden, NJ
2013 to 2014

associate in bio
rutgers, camden county college - Camden, NJ
2011 to 2014

SKILLS

electricity, carpentry, lead paint certification, home improvement, flooring, plumbing, construction, dry
wall, retail, communications, legal research., HVAC (1 year), Carpentry (3 years), Plumbing (3 years),
Construction (3 years), Management Skills (2 years), Electrical (2 years), Business (1 year)

LINKS

http://www.joshuashomeremodeling.com

http://www3.epa.gov/watersense/meet_our_partners.html

CERTIFICATIONS

Lead paint certification
Certified in lead paint removal. Any building or residence made before 1979 requires a certified lead paint
contractor to do any work that involves remodeling. It includes drywall, painting, ect.

Mold remidiation, removal
Removal of mold and mold spores in any location where the mold is present. Certified and trained in safely
removing mold from residential and commercial buildings.

608 type 1 hvac
February 2016 to Present
Certified to work on HVAC units that carry 5 pounds of refrigerant or less.

construction electrical saftey
January 2016 to Present

asbestos standard construction industry
February 2016 to February 2017
Certified to work and identify asbestos related material.

R-410a
Certified to purchase and recover R-410a refrigerant for HVAC units.

Green HVAC/R certification
February 2016 to Present
Green practices in HVAC

GROUPS

watersense
October 2015
I am a Watersense partner.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

I am the owner of Joshua's Home Remodeling LLC. it is a small company i own, remodeling houses, schools,
and commercial properties. I have a number of certifications, including lead paint certification, mold restoration
HVAC type 1, Green HVAC and more.

