Katrina Crutchfield

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Katrina-Crutchfield/df20ced8169811d4

An interesting position with a growing company.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Alden Park  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2010 to January 2012

Cleaned rooms and halls in commercial establishments, such as hotels, restaurants, clubs and beauty parlors.
• Sorted, counted, folded, marked and carried linens.
• Successfully handled the equipment with care. Kept my area clean at all times.
• Moved furniture, hung drapes and rolled carpets.

Home Health Aide
Preferred Home Care  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2008 to November 2009

Performed  a  variety  of  duties  as  requested  by  client,  such  as  obtaining  household  supplies  and  running
errands.
• Entertained, conversed with, and read aloud to patients to keep them mentally healthy and alert.
• Changed bed linens, washed and ironed patients' laundry, and cleaned patients' quarters.
•  Accompanied  clients  to  doctors'  offices  and  on  other  trips  outside  the  home,  providing  transportation,
assistance and companionship. Also light housekeeping in the homes provided.

Home Health Aide
Act Home Health Mates Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2007 to May 2008

Provided patients and families with emotional support and instruction in areas such as infant care, preparing
healthy meals, independent living, and adaptation to disability and illness.
• Changed bed linens, washed and ironed patients' laundry, and cleaned patients' quarters.
• Provided patients with help moving in and out of beds, baths, wheelchairs and automobiles, and with dressing
and grooming.
• Also light housekeeping as provided by clients.

Cashier
Murray's Steaks  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2006 to March 2007

Issued receipts, refunds, credits, and change due to customers.
• Monitored checkout stations to ensure that they had adequate cash available and that they were staffed
appropriately.
• Trained new employees in working the cash register, stocking procedures, and proper cleaning of store.
• Cleaning and stocking the store and keeping my area tidy.

EDUCATION

Certificate
P&A Nursing School - Philadelphia, PA
June 2005

High School Diploma
Mariana Bracetti Academy Charter School - Philadelphia, PA
June 2005

