Lesleigh Wright

Glassboro, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Lesleigh-Wright/6e08f0a6c5f67055

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Protocall Healthcare Staffing  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - February 2016 to May 2016

Responsibilities
I was staffed at Kennedy University hospital in Washington twp. I reported there in the mornings, received my
assigned team and pulled all the trash on the assigned floors first. Then, we daily cleaned rooms and core
areas but get assigned discharge rooms through out the day

Accomplishments
I tried to just make it fun because everybody I worked with was miserable so I brought as much of a positive
attitude as I possibly could. I learned how to deal with different personalities and behaviors. 

Skills Used
I demonstrated patience and even brought the skills I obtained before working there. I always stayed consistent
with the attention to detail

Housekeeping
Crothall Healthcare  -  Camden, NJ - February 2015 to November 2015

Responsibilities
I mostly cleaned discharge rooms which is a complete detail clean wiping everything down, moving chairs,
cleaning showers, and making up the beds. I also cleaned doctors offices and on call rooms. Also, policing
areas where trashes frequently gets pulled. 

Accomplishments
I brought positivity, I always bring positivity. I'm outgoing and always have smile on my face, no matter how
my days going. 

Skills Used
I learned to really detail and perfect the task at hand because hospitals are crawling with germs and it's easy
to spread so everything gets wiped down thoroughly.

Housekeeping
PowerBack Rehab, Voorhees  -  Voorhees, NJ - September 2014 to March 2015

Responsibilities
We'd come in, get our assigned hallways and begin by checking each room, check toilet paper and see if
there's any discharges. The number of discharged rooms ranged between 1-6 rooms a day but we also had
an area clean and 37 daily rooms we had to clean. 

Accomplishments
I brought my smile as usual but also made a few friends that I still speak to till this day. I love people, you never
know who they are so you always treat everybody the same as if they were family. 

Skills Used

People interaction, I had a lot of interaction with patients and their families and I'm always kind. I'll speak, make
sure I introduce myself and respect anyone I come across

EDUCATION

High School Diploma
Timber creek regional  - Erial, NJ
2009 to 2012

