Michael Laquintano

Manager Support Services - Pediatric Specialty Care

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Laquintano/75e0e7dfe697e64b

To secure a position where I can utilize both my professional education and vast experience to be part of a
successful operations team.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Manager Support Services
Pediatric Specialty Care  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2014 to Present

Central Supply Coordinator
Responsible  for  planning  and  directing  the  procurement  of  medical  supplies  for  the  facility,  planning  and
ordering medical supplies through insurance and patient DME companies.
Procurement of medical equipment Oversight of the housekeeping and laundry departments. Serve on various
committees. Involved in developing a companywide formulary system. Certified fire safety expert.
General maintenance and repairs. Fleet management

Director of Housekeeping and Safety/ Central Supply Coordinator
Fox Sub acute At Clara Burke  -  Plymouth Meeting, PA - 2006 to 2014

Direction  of  the  Housekeeping  Department  for  a  60  bed  sub-acute  care  facility  including,  hiring,  training,
overseeing and reviewing and evaluating departmental staff, developing policies and procedures.
Maintaining the safety and condition of facility including insuring all facility personnel, residents, visitor, follow
established safety regulations, to include fire protection/ prevention, smoking regulations, infection control as
well as security regulations and that buildings and grounds are in good repair. Review accident/ incident reports
and establish an effective accident prevention program.
Central supply coordinator, purchasing and stocking and maintaining everyday supplies for facility including
Pharmacy supplies and contracts as well as negotiating prices and purchasing supplies and equipment through
both  online  ordering  and  direct  vendor  contact.  Review  monthly  financial  statements  and  assist  in  budget
development and adherence.

Assistant Director and Director of Support Services
Philadelphia Protestant Home  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2003 to 2006

Assistant Director
Support Services - 2002 to 2003

Direction of Environmental Services and Laundry Departments for a Long Term Care facility consisting of 116
bed health care units, 172 assisted care units and 277 Independent units.

Supervisor of Environmental Services Department
Holy Redeemer Health System  -  Meadowbrook, PA - 1985 to 2002

Oversee daily direction of Environmental Services for a 320 bed hospital and 8 satellite buildings.
Responsible for 130 employees, 3 supervisors. Financial status of a $ 3 million dollar budget, as it relates to
budgeting process-supply and demand needs.

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATION in BUSINESS MANAGEMENT
HOLY FAMILY COLLEGE - Philadelphia, PA
1994 to 1995

COURSE WORK
COMMUNITY COLLEGE OF PHILADELPHIA - Philadelphia, PA
1988 to 1990

GENERAL STUDIES
ABRAHAM LINCOLN HIGH SCHOOL - Philadelphia, PA
1977 to 1981

CERTIFICATIONS

Fire Safety
2020

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS & ABILITIES
Balancing  the  management  of  multiple  operations  departments  in  a  sub-acute,  long  term  and  healthcare
facilities, maintaining efficiency in all departments.

