Natasha Reeder

Supervisor Manager - NW-New Work Company

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Natasha-Reeder/a06bbe1a0d2dfdb8

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Supervisor Manager
NW-New Work Company - September 2015 to Present

I operate the packages from my home through the company system.
•  I  receive  the  packages  from  the  customers  of  the  company  and  I  make  sure  that  the  merchandize  isn't
damaged before sending it back out to the company.
• I also maintain the paper work in an organized fashion, so that it's easily understood by my manager of the
shipping being placed throughout the company.

Assistant Manager
Lady Blue - September 2015 to Present

I maintain the floor by keeping it clean and orderly making the experience at the store a positive one.
• I also train the new employees how to operate the floor and the clothes and shoes within the store teaching
them how to work with the customers to make sales to beat the target of the day.
• I train behind the main manager to operate the store without assistance.

Sales Associate/Cashier/Stocks person
ALDO  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2015 to January 2016

I was making sales throughout my shifts to beat my particular target that I was assigned each day that I worked.
I was making sure that I was advertising the sales and discounts. My main goal was to make a sale to the best
of my abilities so I could beat my target of the day.
• As a cashier I made sure that I did add-ons to the sales trying to make at least 3 items per transaction.
• In the stock room I had to keep the shoes in size order and in alphabetical and style order, also I made sure
that all the shoes was displayed on the floor that needed to be out there.

Frame Cleaner/ Frame Maker
vinyl windows  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2015 to September 2015

Being  the  Frame  Cleaner  I  was  in  charge  of  cleaning  the  different  sized  sides  that  was  put  together  with
windows.
• I also put together the screws and locks that belonged on certain sides of the windows.
• Now as a frame maker I had to follow the orders of windows that was to be made throughout the day.
• I also had to move at an exceptional pace to complete the orders in time, creating different sized frames for
the orders provided each day.

Sales Associate, Cashier, Floor operator
Forever 21  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2015 to June 2015

As a sales associate my job was to help the customers find what they was looking for, making their experience
at the store a good one.
• As a cashier I was dealing with money and customers making each sale that was made final I had to remain
friendly making the customers want to come back to the store again.

• Being a floor operator I had to make sure that the sections within the store remained organized and clean so
that way the customers could find what they was looking for and what they needed.

Floor Girl/ Cashier
City Blue - November 2012 to January 2015

I was a display merchandiser on the floor dressing up manikins also displaying tables, making sure that the
store was organized and clean.
• I was helping customers with what they was looking for, trying to make a sale by any means necessary.
• As a cashier most of my job was to make a final sale before the customer leaves the store. Basically doing
add-ons to the sales that was already being made things like: socks, watches, cleaner for their shoes or hats.
Pretty much anything near the register that I could advertise.

EDUCATION

High school Diploma in Media Arts and Animation
Art Institute of Philadelphia

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills
❖ I am adaptable to any new surroundings and I'm able to make suitable changes to fit any new conditions.
❖ I have great leadership qualities to motivate coworkers and to direct them into a positive outlook within the
business.
❖ I also have excellent communication skills being able to speak clearly and effectively in many mediums
such as email, verbally and on the phone etc.
❖ I have a positive work ethic, I'm able to get to work on time and also meet targets, deadlines and work to
best of my abilities each day that I work.

