Nicholas Koban-Hogue

Music Director

Chadds Ford, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nicholas-Koban-Hogue/d1f5b1643d662378

WORK EXPERIENCE

Music Director
WWVU FM - September 2013 to Present

Leader of an award winning student organization. As music director, I am responsible for keeping the radio
station running smoothly. Not only do I decide what music is added to the rotation, but I also ensure that every
shift is covered 24 hours a day. This, along with the several on air shifts that I DJ weekly.
Neutronics

Spring 2010-Fall 2011
Mechanical Assembler
At  Neutronics,  I  was  primarily  located  in  the  gas  lab  mixing  chemicals.  In  the  gas  lab,  I  was  responsible
for ensuring that the mixing of gasses was done safely and precisely. These gasses were used to calibrate
machinery, so errors on my part would impact the final product. Also, I found myself having to learn new things
on the spot daily as I moved to other areas of the company as needed.

Mechanical Assembler
Neutronics Inc  -  Exton, PA - July 2012 to September 2013

Responsibilities
At this job, I was a go to person to get just about anything done for the engineers. In this company, I bounced
around  mostly  between  the  gaseous  chemicals  lab  and  the  burn  in  area  of  the  company.  In  the  gaseous
chemicals lab, I was responsible for safely and accurately mixing gaseous chemical blends to order for the
quality control and calibration areas. In the burn in area, I was responsible for ensuring that the pieces were
correctly programmed.

Skills Used
I developed skills in the Microsoft office package, and became used to the stress and speed of a manufacturing
plant.

EDUCATION

BS in Energy Land Management
WVU - Morgantown, WV
2013 to 2018

SKILLS

Microsoft Office (2 years), Professional Writing (3 years), Communications (3 years)

AWARDS

Radio Station of the Year
October 2015

Our campus radio station was nominated for six awards in total, and won three of them including best overall
radio station. At that time, I was the Metal Director, and I am now the leader of the station as Music Director.

