Ronald Waller

EVS HOUSEKEEPING - ALBERT EINSTEIN HOSPITAL

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ronald-Waller/0e48725aae09664a

housekeeping successful in completing all tasks in a timely manner. Results- oriented with exceptional
communication and strong background in customer service. Detail-oriented cleaning professional with
outstanding interpersonal communication skills. Possesses .
Housekeeper focused on providing exceptional service to internal and external customers. Reliable,
responsible and driven to be an integral team member. Exceptionally organized Housekeeper bringing 14
yrs years in commercial and cleaning. Efficiently completes tasks, individually or as a team member,
to the satisfaction of the client.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

EVS HOUSEKEEPING
ALBERT EINSTINE HOSPITAL  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2007 to Present

5501 OLD YORK RD PHILADELPHIA
Vacuumed rugs and carpeted areas in offices, lobbies and corridors.
Polished glass surfaces and windows.
Washed, cleaned and disinfected water coolers.
Cleaned and buffed tile floors using industrial cleaning equipment.
Dusted picture frames and wall hangings with a cloth.
Polished all metal hardware fixtures.
Accepted accountability for all assigned building keys, master keys and access cards.
Changed bed linens and collected soiled linens for cleaning.
Disinfected and mopped bathrooms to keep them sanitary and clean.
Cleaned walls, windows, shades and curtains.
Returned emptied garbage receptacles to their proper locations.
Used chemicals and other cleaning equipment in a proper, safe and responsible manner.
Waxed and polished wood floors and other woodwork. And I work labor and delivery duties to clean OR and
discharges and all housekeeping duties in labor and delivery .

support service, housekeeping
Hahnemann University Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2000 to September 2006

230 N Broad St, Philadelphia

Cleaned elevators, glass and planters in public areas such as the lobby, pool and public restrooms.
Waxed floors and other .
Transported cleaning products and equipment to and from the utility rooms.
Vacuumed rugs and carpeted areas in offices, lobbies and corridors.
Cleaned and buffed tile floors using industrial cleaning equipment.
Dusted picture frames and wall hangings with a cloth.
Removed waste paper and other trash from the premises to designated area.
Operated power equipment tools such as backpack vacuums for up to 3 hours per shift. And I work in labor
and delivery to clean OR and labor rooms and all housekeeping duties.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
Floor scrubber machines strip & wax Results-oriented
Certified Professional House Cleaner Residential cleaning
Detail-oriented
Problem solving
Valid pa driver's license
Takes direction well

