Scott Redmond

Retail, Sales, Laborer

Bristol, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Scott-Redmond/00e5abaa5d586dd9

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Maintenance Technician
ShopRite Supermarkets, Inc.  -  Fairless Hills, PA - January 2016 to Present

Responsibilities
Maintaining  cleanliness  and  appearance  of  store,  addressing  issues  brought  up  by  customer  service  and
management, assisting customers.

Skills Used
Light computer, Janitorial, light maintenance.

SEASONAL SALES ASSOCIATE
Niagara Pool and Spa  -  Bristol, PA - February 2015 to September 2015

Operating cash register, account for cash, credit, and check sales, balance drawer at start/end of shift, process
returns/exchanges
Inventory control, placing custom orders, shipping and receiving deliveries of inventory.
General  customer  service/knowledge  of  product,  resolving  customer  issues  related  to  custom  orders,
educating customers on safe usage of chemicals in accordance with OSHA regulations.
Assemble and maintain floor displays, signage, and overall upkeep and appearance of the sales floor

SEASONAL WAREHOUSE STAFF AND DRIVER
United Refrigeration Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2014 to January 2015

Shipping/receiving,  loading/unloading  deliveries,  inventory  maintenance  and  control,  order  pulling  and
assisting customers with order placement
Maintain and organize storefront area, upkeep cleanliness and all floor displays.
Provide in person and over the phone customer service regarding questions or concerns regarding HVAC
materials orders.

SEASONAL ASSEMBLER
Lowes Home Improvment  -  Trevose, PA - April 2012 to January 2014

Assemble outdoor appliances, equipment, and decor
Assemble floor displays
Maintain retail signage associated with displays

INSTALLATION AND SERVICE TECHNICIAN
Comcast  -  Levittown, PA - April 2012 to January 2013

Multi product (cable, telephone, internet) installations, disconnections, and reconnections
Address on site outages, or other service issues by troubleshooting, problem solving, and repairs. All customer
service and installations performed in customer homes.
Maintain service logs and equipment logs daily.

MAINTENANCE ASSISTANT
Tower Investments  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2010 to February 2012

Position eliminated)
Assist head building engineer in electrical repairs, plumbing repairs, carpentry work, and identifying/correcting
code violations
General upkeep, cleaning, painting, and safety.
Respond to emergency service calls as needed.

MAINTENANCE WORKER AND MAILROOM
Brandywine Realty Trust  -  Fraizer, PA - February 2005 to April 2010

Oversee mailroom operations daily, coordinate loading dock operations and schedule
Maintenance for HVAC units, emergency generators, and other safety systems in building
General building maintenance as needed; painting, plumbing, cleaning, lighting,
Respond to emergency maintenance calls as needed

*Specific references available upon request. Own tools and reliable transportation available.

EDUCATION

Automotive
Pennco Technical Institute - Bristol, PA
2012

Information Technology
Bucks County Community College - Newtown, PA
2010 to 2010

Harry S. Truman High School - Levittown, PA
2004

SKILLS

Forklift Operator, Manual Transmission, Hardware/Software Troubleshooting

CERTIFICATIONS

A+ Certified

