Tabbitha Jones

Certified Nursing Assistant /Home Health AIDE

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tabbitha-Jones/50246381ad8184db

To obtain a fulltime position in a multi-skilled Healthcare Industry where I will be able to utilize and enhance
my experience.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Certified Nursing Assistant/ Home Health Aide
Mercy Life  -  Philadelpghia ,pa - November 2015 to Present

•Supports patients by providing housekeeping and laundry services; shopping for food and other household
requirements; preparing and serving meals and snacks; running errands.
•Assists patients by providing personal services, such as, bathing, dressing, and grooming.
•Maintains a safe, secure, and healthy patient environment

Certified Nursing Assistant
Aria Health Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2015 to Present

CNA's works under the supervision of nurses to deliver high quality care to patients.Helping patients with their
basic needs. This means helping them bathe, dress and feed themselves. These patients might include stroke
victims, the elderly residents of nursing homes, or individuals recovering from an accident, injuries or surgeries
in a hospital.Take patient vital signs, making beds and helping clean rooms such as, cleaning out bedpans
and changing soiled sheets. Answer calls for help and observe changes in a patient's condition or behavior.

Resident Caregiver
HCR Manor Care Arden Courts - July 2014 to Present

Help  clients  or  residents  with  the  Activities  of  Daily  Living.  Perform  personal  care  activities;  hygiene,
ambulation, eating, dressing, toileting and shaving. Talk and give company to clients and participate in resident
activities. Prepare hygienic meals and snacks for clients. Provide clients or residents with transfers and assist
them moving in and out of beds, baths, wheelchairs or cars. Change bed linens, clean and iron residents'
laundry and assist keep residents' room, cabinet, and dresser drawers neat and clean. Maintain a specialized
approach to responsibilities such as uniform, start times and absenteeism. Create and maintain a pleasant
work environment. Help with sanitation and housekeeping duties of elderly or client's room, bathroom, and
common area.

Home Health Aide
Philadelphia Home Care Agency  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2011 to Present

Caring for patients and assuring their safety. Preforming housekeeping duties and also providing patients with
personal care. Assisting with bathing, dressing and feeding patients. Ensuring that personal and hygiene and
nutrition standards are met. Assist with elimination and also with ambulation and mobility.

Nurse Aide Training Program
American Red Cross - June 2010 to June 2011

Completed 134 hours of clinical training

Skills:

❖ Blood Pressure
❖ Pulse
❖ Respiration
❖ Temperature
❖ Oral Care
❖ Foot Care
❖ Skin Care
❖ Nail Care
❖ Hair Care

Awards:
❖ Outstanding clinical Award August 4, 2010
❖ Academic excellence of 4.0 August 4, 2010

EDUCATION

Nursing Assistant
Edward W. Bok Technical High School
2011

