Towana Medley

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Towana-Medley/b2a295434027cfce

To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me with job satisfaction
and self-development in order to help me achieve personal and organization goals
Strengths/Qualifications:
• Highly skilled in cleaning of resident rooms and other interior and exterior facility areas
•In-depth knowledge of maintaining a positive physical and psychosocial environment for the residents, visitors
and employees
•Proven record of maintaining the cleanliness and sanitary condition of assigned hospital areas
•Able to operate different types of cleaning equipment
•Thorough understanding of collecting and transporting hazardous waste

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Paoli Hospital  -  Marlton, NJ - 2013 to 2014

2013- 2014: Cleaned designated patient rooms and support areas, sanitized floors, surfaces, windows, and
furniture.  Provided  housekeeping  support  to  patients  and  worker.  Distributed  clean  linen  throughout  the
hospital. Replaced linens and make up bed units, Maintained a clean, safe environment, assuring availability
of supplies, Removed trash and soiled linen.

Housekeeping
Virtua Hospital  -  Chester County, PA - 2009 to 2012

2009-2012: Cleaned designated patient rooms and support areas, Sanitized floors, surfaces, windows, and
furniture, Provided housekeeping support to patients and workers, Distributed clean linen, Replaced linens
and make up bed units, Maintained a clean, safe environment, assuring availability of supplies, Removed trash
and soiled linen.

Housekeeping
Gensis Elder Care  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2002 to 2006

maintain all assigned areas in a clean and sanitary condition, wash, dust, polish, vacuum and sweep all areas
of the establishment, clean sinks, tubs, showers and toilets according to prescribed sanitary standards, polish
fittings and fixtures, clean mirrors and windows, sort and wash laundry using machines or by hand as required.
Iron,  fold  and  distribute  clean  laundry,  empty  and  clean  trash  cans.  Listened  and  responded  to  resident's
queries and requests, ensure adequate stock of cleaning supplies, keep cleaning equipment in good working
order. Maintain clean storage area for equipment and supplies. Observe and report any maintenance issues
and assisted with meal preparation, serving and clean up.

EDUCATION

Metropolitan Career Center - Philadelphia, PA
1994 to 1995

