Vanessa Lopez

Housekeeping Supervisor

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vanessa-Lopez/373329c82aee95dd

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping Supervisor
Holiday Inn Bensalem-Philadelphia-Parx  -  Bensalem, PA - 2015 to 2016

Assigns workers their duties and inspects work for conformance to prescribed standards of cleanliness.
● Investigates complaints regarding housekeeping service and equipment, and takes corrective action.
● Obtains list of rooms to be cleaned immediately and list of prospective check-outs or discharges to prepare
work assignments.
● Coordinates work activities among departments.
● Conducts orientation training and in-service training to explain policies, work procedures, and to demonstrate
use and maintenance of equipment.
● Inventories stock to ensure adequate supplies.
● Evaluates records to forecast department personnel requirements.
● Makes recommendations to improve service and ensure more efficient operation.
● Prepares reports concerning room occupancy, payroll, and department expenses.
● Selects and purchases new furnishings.
● Performs cleaning duties in cases of emergency or staff shortage.
●  Examines  building  to  determine  need  for  repairs  or  replacement  of  furniture  or  equipment,  and  makes
recommendations to management.
● Attends staff meetings to discuss company policies and patrons' complaints.
● Issues supplies and equipment to workers.
● Establishes standards and procedures for work of housekeeping staff.
● Advises manager, desk clerk, or admitting personnel of rooms ready for occupancy.
●  Records  data  regarding  work  assignments,  personnel  actions,  and  time  cards,  and  prepares  periodic
reports.
● Screens job applicants, hires new employees, and recommends promotions, transfers, and dismissals.

Housekeeping Supervisor
Holiday Inn Lansdale  -  Lansdale, PA - 2014 to 2015

Deputize and supervise the housekeeping department along with the head housekeeper.
● Allocate bedrooms to be cleaned by the room attendant and check cleaned bedrooms to make sure they
meet the core standard of cleaning.
● Check bedrooms for maintenance - attention to details and presentation to meet guest satisfaction

Housekeeper
Courtyard Marriott  -  Bensalem, PA - 2013 to 2015

Clean rooms, lounges, lobbies, bathrooms and hallways
• Vacuum and wash carpets and rugs
• Empty wastepaper baskets and ashtrays
• Transport trash to waste disposal equipment
• Dust and polish wooden surfaces and furniture

• Replace light bulbs and repair fixtures
• Replenish bathroom and mini bar supplies

CNA - Certified Nursing Assistant
Tandem Healthcare  -  Jacksonville, FL - 2011 to 2013

Jacksonville, FL
CNA 2011- 2013
● Personal care functions including:
● Bathing (bed, tub, shower or sponge bath)
● Skin Care
● Toileting (bedpan, urinal, commode and/or toilet)
● Grooming (shampoo, nailcare & shaving)
● Oral Hygiene (denture care)
● Assist with dressing and undressing
● Assists with feeding of residents.
● Measuring and recording intake and output.
● Weigh residents using upright, chair and bed scale.
● Assists in turning and positioning of residents.
● Proper transfer techniques.
● Demonstrates appropriate knowledge for safe use of medical equipment (cane, crutches, walkers, Hoyer
Lift, side rails, brace, splints, oxygen)
● Helps keep residents' rooms clean and supplied.

Staffing Coordinator
Tandem Healthcare  -  Jacksonville, FL - 2003 to 2011

Maintain staffing operations across the board
● Obtain daily staff requests and fill them efficiently
● Uphold accurate system for tracking staff over a variety of shifts
● Coordinate staff to meet the organization's requirements
● Monitor overtime accumulation and attendance of employees
● Assist the human resource department with interviews and orientations
● Provide facility tours to newly hired employees
● Track a document all in service training sessions
● Conduct competency checks on new and existing employees
● Maintain schedules for rotating staff
● Secure coverage for vacancy shifts
● Work with the payroll manager to verify payroll accuracy
● Process employee vacation requests

EDUCATION

Certification
PNA Nursing School
2003 to 2004

Edison Thomas High School
1999 to 2003

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS: Proficient and competent in the following programs: Opera, PMS, PBX Operation, Microsoft Office.
Adobe, Contingency Reporting, MOD, Reporting, Labor Analysis, Payroll

