Whitney Jones

Women's Shoes Sale Associate/Commission - Lord And Taylor

Trenton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Whitney-Jones/0fde2c92ceb476ee

Experienced sales professional, adept at working effectively in multiple departments, including electronics,
sales, photo studio, as well as clothing and accessories. High-energy individual with ability to prioritize and
multitasking  effectively.  Maintain  a  clean,  well-organized  work  area  and  attractive  merchandise  displays;
consistently  provide  exceptional  customer  service.  Have  also  worked  in  protective  services  in  security
operations monitoring a large corporate facility and ensuring the safety of the building and employees. SORA
certified.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Women's Shoes Sale Associate/Commission
Lord And Taylor  -  Lawrenceville, NJ - September 2015 to Present

Sold  merchandise  at  a  retail  store.  Greeted  customers.  Helped  customers  find  what  they  wanted.  Helped
customers choose items. Rang up bills, using calculators, cash registers and mental math. Answered customer
questions. Kept current with sales and promotions. Placed special orders. Found out of stock items at other
stores. Inventoried stock. Cleaned work area. My accomplishments included: Making sure that I focus on the
customers wants and need. To give them excellent customer service. Knowledge sets include: Cash registers,
Customer Service, Fashion, Merchandising, Retail, Sales, Sales.

Photo Technician & Sales Associate
Sam's Club  -  Princeton, NJ - October 2011 to September 2015

Provide  sales  and  customer  service  to  shoppers  at  busy,  retail  store  for  major  merchandise  discounter.
Sell merchandise and assist customers in multiple departments. Greet customers in a friendly, professional
manner. Help customers find appropriate selections. Show customers how to use and care for merchandise.
Ring up purchases. Keep current with sales and promotions. Kept sales records. Order special inventory and
supplies.. Use computers to maintain accurate records of daily sales.

Security Officer
Sam's Club  -  Princeton, NJ - June 2014 to January 2015

Monitored  premises  and  grounds  of  large  corporate  facility  to  ensure  safety  of  employees  and  building.
Prevented theft. Guarded designated areas. Patrolled areas for suspicious activity. Reported daily activities.
Responded  to  alarms.  Investigated  disturbances.  Escorted  individuals  for  safety  reasons.  Transported
individuals for personal protection. Prevented passage of prohibited articles or persons into restricted areas.
Responded  to  incoming  calls  and  answered  questions  and  concerns.  Removed  violators  from  premises.
Knowledge sets include: Alarm systems, Fire extinguishers, First Aid, Flashlights, Patrol cars, Safety, Security
alarm systems, Security surveillance systems, CPR, Driving.

Cashier
Family Dollar  -  Ewing, NJ - September 2010 to November 2011

Took payment from customers. Scanned items to ring up prices. Scanned all items so that bill was correct.
Assisted other cashiers with difficult customers. Bagged purchases. Handled cash and made correct change.
Gave receipts. Counted money in cash drawer at the beginning of each shift. Made sure there was enough
change in the cash drawer. Greeted customers. Maintained clean work area. Resolved customer complaints.

Knowledge  sets  include:  Cash  registers,  Cashier,  Closing,  Credit  card  readers,  Customer  Assistance,
Dependable, Fast, Money.

Cashier and Salesperson
Ross Dress For Less  -  Hamilton, NJ - December 2008 to December 2010

Took payment from customers. Scanned all items so that bill was correct. Accepted and processed checks.
Assisted  other  cashiers  with  difficult  customers.  Handled  cash  and  made  correct  change.  Gave  receipts.
Refunded customers for returned items. Counted money in cash drawer at the beginning of each shift. Made
sure there was enough change in the cash drawer. Greeted customers. Maintained clean work area. Resolved
customer complaints. Knowledge sets include: Cash registers, Cashier, Closing, Dependable, Fast, Money.

Skills
Inventory,  Shipping,  Receiving,  Warehouse,  Cycle  Count,  Customer  service,  Retail,  Sales,  Cashier,
Merchandising, Fashion, First Aid, Safety, CPR Certified, Computer Skills/Microsoft Word, Telephone Skills,
Fast, Dependable, microsoft word

Occupational licenses and certifications
Certificate: SORA Certification, New Jersey State Police, 2014; New Jersey

Driver's License
New Jersey, Class D/Regular

EDUCATION

Cosmetology
Empire Beauty School - Bordentown, NJ
2008 to 2009

CERTIFICATIONS

SORA Certification
June 2011 to June 2014

CPR/First Aid
June 2014 to June 2016

