Willie Newton

Broker Care Representative - Independence Blue Cross

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Willie-Newton/1247a8cefb572cc8

Ability to establish priorities, accept responsibility, be it confidential and/or
sensitive materials. Fast learner who can adapt to any situation and/or people
quickly. A dedicated professional with drive, talent and initiative, always willing
to go the extra mile. Strong cross-functional collaboration skills, strategic
mindset, and ability to multitask, research and explore answers to provide
alternative solutions if need be.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Broker Care Representative
Independence Blue Cross  -  Spring Garden, PA - July 2014 to Present

Responsible for processing HIPPA Authorization forms, Enrollment Applications and 1095 IRS Tax forms in
a timely fashion referencing IPDW Account Review
software, CIS software for viewing claims and Edifecs to determine accurate
information received from the Federally Funded Marketplace (i.e., enrollment
applications/updates of the insured is correct). Also access to AAA for broker and business related information,
ROAM for brokerage site enrollment. Operate
Highmark software for Oscar, ICIS, CMRMAIN, ECS, PSAR, HIBS, EBILL, OCWA,
OPIS for documentation, benefit information, procedure pricing, Highbar billing,
enrollment  verification/information,  expenses  members  accrue  as  well  as  program  availability  for  other
insurance carriers.

Customer Care Team Representative
Whole Foods  -  Jenkintown, PA - June 2013 to July 2014

Monitor, clean, and proper maintenance on All refrigerant equipment on a daily
basis. Responsible for completing, and preparation of daily lists for staffing
assignments. Upheld all WFM and USDA standards including HACCP Program.
Established and executed food safety protocol, cleaning, and proper care (i.e.
knives, personal protective equipment, forklift, pallet jacks, hand trucks, six
wheel carts, and baler equipment used during preparation and clean up within department and facility).
Certified: Chemical Safety Training

Administrative Sales Associate
Radio Shack  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2010 to June 2013

Managed store and its upkeep as well as opening/closing. Responsible for weekly
bank deposits, and handling Confidential credit checks. Training staff to detect
and/or prevent fraudulent sales/credit transactions and scams. Converse daily with potential buyers/customers
training and certifying them on various
electronics.  Overall  understanding  of  multiple  cellular  companies,  plans,  policies  in  addition  to  hands  on
experience with the software to obtain members as new
customers.
Able to work various shifts based on business needs, (i.e. evenings, holidays,
weekends, call-outs and/or inclement weather).

1
338 Wellesley Road
Philadelphia, PA 19119
267-456-3511
wjnewtoniv@yahoo.com

EDUCATION

BA in Psychology
Temple University
2014

Diploma
Central High School - Philadelphia, PA
2010

