William Weaver

I enjoy being a team player in this line of work.

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/William-Weaver/2b6c6948e3b0dbcd

I've. Been working. in building mechanical. maintenance field for 26years.Just recently became a licensed
stationary engineer since 2013. I love this work.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Building Engineer
Able Engineering Services  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2013 to March 2016

Responsibilities
Taking  building  readings,  work  on  chillers,  steamstations,  cooling  towers,  baffles,fan  coil  units,  plumbing,
electrical and chemical testing.

Accomplishments
Enjoying working hard getting the job done.

Skills Used
Doing  preventive  maintenance,  replace  ceiling  tiles  where  needed,  plumbing  repairs  on  water  pipes  and
flushometers.

Maintenance Technician
City View Condominiums One andTwo  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2005 to August 2013

Responsibilities
Carpentry, plastering, painting, preventive maintenance, emergency on call for repairs needed, electrical and
monitor any contractor work, fire alarm systems.

Accomplishments
This position, I came to work everyday feeling like I'm back at home again.

Skills Used
Maintain building equipment, water pumps, hot water heaters, take readings and complete work orders.

EDUCATION

Recieved my high school diploma in Math, Science, History, Woodshop
John Bartram High School - Philadelphia, PA
1974 to 1977

SKILLS

I have technical skills, interpersonal skills, include communicating well with colleages, residents,
management and outside contractors. (10+ years)

LINKS

http://williamw30@verizon.net

CERTIFICATIONS

City of Phila.Engineer Certification Grade A License
June 2013 to August 2016
License renews itself every August. 2016, 2017 etc.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

My  cell  phone  number  is  267  […]  and  my  home  number  is  […]  can  be  reached  at  both  these
numbers.salary:asking for $40,000 per year and willing to work overtime and weekends.

