Andrew Vallas

Business Development Executive

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Andrew-Vallas/4e92b369b70d1463

Internationally  experienced  BUSINESS  DEVELOPER  with  28  years  experience  and  a  strong  background
in energy marketing and electricity generation, regulatory affairs, utility operations, and power distribution, .
Seeking a challenging position that will utilize my talents.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Founder - Green Energy Developer
TERRA & FLORESTA DO BRASIL  -  Salvador, BA - 2004 to Present

• Established a Brazilian corporation and purchased almost 100,000 acres of raw land for charcoal production
and timberland development as a green energy fuel source.
• Raised investor capital, obtained licenses, reviewed Brazilian contracts, negotiated local credit lines and
registered foreign capital through Central Bank of Brazil.
•  Hired  and  trained  6  technical  staff  and  40  construction  crew  workers,  oversaw  construction  and  initial
operations of various bio-energy projects in extremely remote locations, arranged interstate transportation and
sold product to steel producers and soybean crusher (Cargill).
• Projects were licensed and producing up to 10,000 tons of charcoal per year before being sold.

Vice President - Energy Marketing
SEMPRA ENERGY  -  Toronto, ON - 2001 to 2004

• Developed energy hedging strategies for commercial and industrial clients. Prospected clients, negotiated
ISDA Master Agreements and sold financial electricity contracts. Purchased physical electricity.
• As a Minister of Energy appointee to the Independent Electricity System Operator (IESO) Technical Panel,
proposed and reviewed amendments to electricity market rules, advised Board on technical issues related to
operation of the energy market.
• Made numerous conference presentations representing both the company and the IESO.
• Solely responsible for creating the Ontario Electricity book with a contract value approaching US$1 billion
over 3 years.

Director - Energy Marketing
SEMPRA ENERGY  -  Atlanta, GA - 2000 to 2001

• Worked on a trading floor and marketed wholesale electricity/natural gas in NY, New England and PJM.
• Negotiated fuel purchases and delivery New England gas and coal power plants
• Determined bid price on Brazilian utility assets.
• Opened the office in Toronto and obtained licenses needed to enter the Ontario electricity market.

Director - Power Plant Operations
CANADIAN NIAGARA POWER  -  Fort Erie, ON - 1997 to 2000

• Responsible for the operation and maintenance of both a hydroelectric and wind energy generating stations.
• Sold excess energy into New York and Canadian wholesale energy markets.
•  Involved  in  the  evaluation  of  numerous  mergers  and  acquisitions  of  energy  assets  including  electric
generating plants and municipal utilities.

Engineer
NORTHEAST UTILITIES  -  Berlin, CT - 1987 to 1997

• Designed overhead and underground distribution systems. Determined residential, commercial and industrial
loads. Balanced phases, corrected power factor, managed voltage drop. Issued RFPs;
•  Supervised  union  crews  during  storm  restoration.  Issued  switching,  grounding  and  tagging  orders  while
ensuring adherence to safety procedures.
•  Analyzed  the  worst  outages  in  the  entire  State  and  designed  improvements  to  system  reliability  utilizing
reclosers, cutouts, spacer cables, etc. Managed a 10 person engineering team. Reported results to PUC.
• Design system protection from substation to load by coordinating relays, reclosers and cutout fuses.
• Modified substation designs by adding additional transformers and feeders.

Facilities Engineering Intern
IBM CORPORATION  -  Boca Raton, FL - 1983 to 1986

• Prepared RFPs, held bidder's conferences and awarding contracts for facility construction projects.
• Designed office and lab architectural, electrical and lighting modifications.
• Created a CAD database of facility drawings (architectural, electrical and lighting).
• Liaison between company and contractors for after hour construction.

EDUCATION

MBA in International Finance
NEW YORK UNIVERSITY - New York, NY
1997

MSEE in Nuclear Engineering & Control Theory
RENNSELAER POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTE - Hartford, CT
1990

BSEE
DREXEL UNIVERSITY - Philadelphia, PA
1987

SKILLS

MS Office (10+ years), Management (10+ years), Business Development (10+ years), Sales (10+ years),
Contract Negotiations (10+ years), Commodity Hedging (10+ years)

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: US Army Reserves
Rank: Captain
June 1987 to June 1997
3 year R.O.T.C. scholarship recipient
Engineers Officer Basic Course.(covers construction management, critical path planning, estimating, etc.)
Company Commander responsible for over 400 troops

VETERAN – Operation Desert Storm

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Engineering Skills
Project Management
Power Plant Operations
Power Systems Protection/Relays
Facilities Engineering
Power Distribution

Contract Negotiations
NEC, NERC, NESC
PUC, PJM, NYISO, NEPOOL
MS Office, AutoCAD
Energy Marketing

