Annabelle Sanchez

Technical Services Engineer - FEDERAL MOGUL CORP., SYSTEMS PROTECTION
GROUP

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Annabelle-Sanchez/e1b111bff5033a86

Dependable and results driven Project Manager with more than 10 years of experience across a broad range
of engineering industries with emphasis on engineering consumer safety and customer focus. Operates with
a strong sense of urgency and delivering services that require fast-paced and time sensitive execution. Ability
to integrate engineering with business strategy - "big picture" perspective. Areas of expertise include:

• Global Communications
• Global Product Certifications
• Consumer Safety Testing
• Retailer Testing Schemes
• Factory and Lab Auditing and Inspections
• Energy Efficiency
• Sustainability
• Client Relations
• Project Management
• Staff Management
• Project schedules
• Social Compliance

Product standards and certifications: ASTM, ANSI, ISO, UL, CSA, CB, CE-European Directives, LVD, FCC,
EMC, NMX, etc.

Automotive and Aerospace specifications such as SAE, OEM specifications

Green Initiatives: Sustainability, RoHS, Prop 65, REACH

Working  knowledge  of  quality  on-site  inspections,  social  compliance  audits,  factory  audits,  programming
language such as C++, HTML and Python.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Technical Services Engineer
FEDERAL MOGUL CORP., SYSTEMS PROTECTION GROUP - May 2015 to Present

Provide  technical  support  to  External  customers,  R  &  D,  Sales,  and  Manufacturing  groups.  Recommend
products  for  customer  applications,  product  modifications  and  test  product  performance  for  sleeving/
component  protection  solutions  in  the  automotive  and  aerospace  industries.  Writes  comprehensive  test
reports, provide competitive product analyses and troubleshoots product failures. Interpret industry standards
and customer test specifications and perform the associated tests in accordance with said specifications.
Key Contributions:
•  Serves  as  a  face  for  the  Technical  Services  Team.  Prepare  project  presentations  and  plans.  Provides
schedule updates and progress on key projects.
• Improved team metrics by providing timely delivery of projects while managing multiple projects.

•  Served  as  a  judge  and  advisor  of  students  for  Federal  Mogul  Innovation  Competition  for  Philadelphia
University.

Project Manager - Engineering Compliance
LASKO PRODUCTS, INC - November 2007 to May 2015

Promoted  to  be  responsible  for  direction  and  management  of  Lasko's  compliance  program(s)  including:
technical  accountability  to  obtain  product  safety  certification  from  product  inception  to  final  delivery,
organization and program planning; development of schedules. Served as a compliance liaison within sales,
marketing, external customers, suppliers and third party partners.
Key Contributions:
● Managed lab with 6 direct reports responsible for global safety testing, certification and retailer requirements
for the entire company's product line.
● Built RoHS compliance program from the ground up in a span of one year to comply with Wal-Marts RoHS
and EU directives; coordinated with manufacturers to corporate level on strategy for material inventory, sales
and overall development.
● Spearheaded to be the first Intertek satellite lab to obtain XRF testing capabilities for ROHS manufacturing
which results in annual savings cost of $100K in testing.
●  Interpret  and  research  global  regulations  and  standards;  risk  management  with  respect  to  product
requirements;  work  with  engineering  teams  for  a  working  plan  to  ensure  product  designs  meet  changing
requirements.
● Contributed content for AHAMs Sustainability Standard for Household Appliances and Floor Care.

Project Engineer
LASKO PRODUCTS, INC - November 2007 to May 2015

Coordinated PCBA design and development with engineering team and manufacturers by creating technical
specifications, testing and approval of PCBA's prior to manufacturing.
Key Contributions:
●  Obtained  lab  certification  to  UL  and  Intertek  Data  Acceptance  Program  which  contributes  to  an  annual
savings of $500,000 in testing costs.
●  Improved  PCBA  team  operations  by  implementing  test  procedures  compliant  to  ISO  17025,  setting  a
minimum in acceptable documentation and a checklist approval system that helped reduced sample defect
rates by 75% and timely approval of PCBA's.

EDUCATION

Certification in Executive Education Online Course
Rutgers School of Business - Camden, NJ
2014

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering w/ Computer Option
Temple University - Philadelphia, PA
2005

