Anthony Galanti

Director of Lean Business - Terrasource Global Corporation

Lafayette Hill, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anthony-Galanti/ee565eb5d71e6d3c

WORK EXPERIENCE

Director of Parts Customer Service and Engineering
Terrasource Global Corporation  -  Media, PA - February 2008 to Present

Promoted  to  manage  the  company's  lean  transformation  in  accordance  with  Hillenbrand  Lean  Business
practices

• Responsible for developing and managing continuous improvement activities in manufacturing and office
processes
• Established and tracked departmental key performance indicators, which, using PDCA methodology and
glass wall management, increased workcenter productivity in manufacturing facilities by 12% over the fiscal
year.
• Led teams of office and shop floor personnel in the creation of current and future state value stream maps
to improve process flow.
• Calculated and reported project savings on monthly basis to business unit management.

Project Manager
Hired by a leading manufacturer of size reduction equipment for the coal-fired power industry to manage project
schedules, design and drafting efforts and procurement for orders valued from $100,000 to $2,000,000.

• Coordinated the efforts of manufacturing personnel and sub-suppliers, in carrying out a QA program, which
included verification of materials, fabrication inspections and shop validation testing of completed Crushers.
•  Responsible  for  5  to  10  projects  simultaneously,  completing  all  drawing  and  document  submittal,
manufacturing and inspection milestones on-time.

Project Manager, R&D
Hale Products, Inc  -  Conshohocken, PA - February 2001 to February 2008

Chosen  by  international  fire  service  industry  pump  and  accessories  manufacturer  with  approximately  250
employees and sales in excess of $100 million annually to lead research and development projects and initiate
Six Sigma and operational excellence programs. Manage several contract designers, engineers, machine shop
personnel and technical writers. Coordinate efforts of purchasing, manufacturing, finance and sales. Chair
weekly project meetings and delegate tasks to team members.
• Prepare financial analysis documents that demonstrate returns on investments to product management and
help obtain funding for potential new design projects.
• Launched several pump products that successfully generated between $250,000 and $500,000 in second
year as team leader for cross-functional groups within ISO 9001 quality program.
• Developed product and system cost reduction programs that saved $5,000 to $10,000 annually by identifying
root causes of product failures and by streamlining workflow and cycle times.
•  Direct  design  competence  and  robust  pilot  testing  procedures;  develop  and  execute  multiple  lean
manufacturing projects as engineering department's Six Sigma greenbelt.

Project Engineer, Material Handling Systems
FMC Corporation  -  Chalfont, PA - September 1996 to February 2001

Brought on to coordinate design efforts as lead engineer for large material-handling design and installation
projects  by  wastewater  and  material-handling  company  with  250  employees.  Established  schedules  and
assigned tasks for mechanical and electrical engineers and designers. Specified component procurements and
aligned component lead times with project schedules. Coordinated and expedited fabrication efforts. Provided
site support for equipment installations.
•  Supervised  project  scheduling,  labor  allotment  and  customer  interaction  for  multiple  phases  of  projects
involved in supplying bulk conveying systems and wastewater treatment equipment.
• Guided workflows on $500,000 to $1.5 million projects with durations of six months to one year by eliminating
roadblocks such as information gathering, quoting and drawing submittal times and approvals and keeping
project milestone dates on target.
• Trained new employees in company methods and engineering practices and joined team that reduced costs
and improved quality and marketability of wastewater screening equipment.
• Supported other engineers by helping coordinate their efforts using insight and understanding of process
needs in front of and behind each process position that ensured smooth project flow.

EDUCATION

Master of Business Administration
Pennsylvania State University - Great Valley - Valley, Pennsylvania, US
May 2003

Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
Spring Garden College - Philadelphia, PA
May 1988

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

•  Ambitious  and  progressive  engineering  professional  with  strong  record  of  accomplishment  as  project
manager, designer, and lead engineer for material handling and size reduction, pump and pump accessories
and water treatment systems.
•  Skilled  team  player  and  communicator  with  proficiency  in  AutoCAD;  Adra  CAD;  and  Microsoft  Word,
PowerPoint, Excel and Project software.
•  Demonstrated  capacity  to  develop  innovative  and  profitable  products,  improve  departmental  and  project
processes and direct cross-functional teams in achieving organizational goals.

