Biju Maliel

Field Service Engineer II - Philips Healthcare

Mount Laurel, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Biju-Maliel/b3e93f446a7a4dc9

Supports patient diagnosing and treatment by installing, testing, calibrating, and repairing biomedical
equipment; training users; maintaining safe operations.
Willing to relocate to: Houston, TX - Dallas, TX - Austin, TX
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Field Service Engineer II
Philips Healthcare  -  Plainsboro, NJ - 2015 to Present

08536
• Performed monthly preventive maintenance, calibration, and repairs on medical
equipment.
• Worked with central monitoring systems such as Spacelabs, Nihon Kohden
•  Excelled  customer  satisfaction  by  providing  a  fast  response  on  service  calls  and  by  keeping  customer
informed in a timely manner.

Biomedical Equipment Technician II
South Plains Biomedical Services  -  West Orange, NJ - 2015 to 2015

07052
• Repairs, calibrates, and maintaining of medical equipment.
• Inspected incoming equipment for compliance with codes, standards, and manufacturer's recommendations.
• Handled administrative responsibilities including work order control, maintenance
history, preventive maintenance, safety inspection, and repair parts inventory
records.

Staff Sergeant
779th Medical Group  -  Andrews AFB, MD - 2014 to 2015

20762
• Performed preventive maintenance, calibration, and troubleshot multiple medical
equipment including steam sterilizer, dental chair, centrifuge, defibrillator, EKG, infusion
pumps, and chemistry analyzer.
• Experienced with industry safety standards and specifications. Received hands on experience with a wide
variety of industry equipment.
• Expert in proper documentation of maintenance records in DMLSS

Senior Airman
Maintenance Squadron  -  McGuire AFB, NJ - 2008 to 2013

08641
•  Performed  scheduled  and  unscheduled  maintenance  of  electrical  and  environmental  systems  on  KC135
refueling aircraft.
• Maintained off equipment systems such as inspecting and charging of sealed lead
acid batteries, filling of CO2 and O2 bottles.
• Troubleshot electrical, mechanical systems using schematic and mechanical drawings

EDUCATION

Department of Defense Biomedical Equipment Technician School - Fort Sam Houston, TX
2014

Associates of Applied Science in Electronics Engineering Technology
Burlington County College
2011

United States Air Force Aircraft Electrical and Environmental Technician School
2007

LINKS

https://www.linkedin.com/in/biju-maliel-a8500456

