Bojanna Shantheyanda

Manufacturing Engineer at Y-Carbon, Inc

Bensalem, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Bojanna-Shantheyanda/8d91b25535e5bb75

Highly motivated and achievement oriented individual with strong professional experience in engineering with
project management, manufacturing, product development and hands–on analytical testing skills. Team player
with ability to learn concepts quickly, good analytical and technical skills with sense for business.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Manufacturing Engineer
Y-Carbon, Inc  -  Bristol, PA - April 2010 to Present

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT:

• Developed nanoporous sorbents for chromatography columns for detection, separation and purification of
analytes.

•  Developed  nanoporous  carbon  material  for  solid  phase  extraction,  supercapacitors,  water  purification
detection of volatile organic compounds

• Construction and design of capacitive desalination unit (CDI) and electrical testing for maximum efficiency.
This research resulted in product named ‘ DeionX ’. 

• Developed carbon sheet electrode for supercapacitor, capacitive desalination, metal air and lithium ion battery
applications.

PROJECT MANAGEMENT: 

• Improved the existing carbon manufacturing technique by designing and construction of new furnaces using
Solid Works 2010.

• Designing and construction of automatic manifolds for efficient and large scale carbon manufacture.

•  Planning  and  cost  estimation  of  the  material  production  facility  includes  drafting  of  final  report  for  small
business grants.

•  Assisted  in  developing  product  line  of  nanoporous  adsorbents  including  graphitized  carbon  black  and
molecular  sieves  with  properties  highly  tuned  for  various  customer  requirements.  Efforts  resulted  into
development  of  complete  product  line  including  VOCx,  CleanPeakX,  CarboRx,  ElectrodeX,  DeionX  and
ActicarbX.

• Assisted in quality control, development and manufacturing of company’ products from lab-scale to industrial
scale meeting the demands of clients

• Assisted in starting Pore Science Labs (PSL), an analytical laboratory specializing in surface area and pore
size analysis.

• Designed the company’s website www.Y-Carbon.US and all the product websites using HTML and CSS.

• Assisted in developing marketing strategy and sales model in promoting all the carbon products.

Graduate Research Assistant
University of Central Florida  -  Orlando, FL - October 2007 to March 2010

• Performed RF magnetron sputtering deposition of ZnO:Al thin films in Ar and hydrogen ambience for solar cell
applications. Studied surface morphology, structural, optical and electrical properties of RF sputtered ZnO:Al
thin films.

• Carried out deposition of BCN and BN thin films using RF and DC magnetron sputtering. Later, material and
electrical characterization were performed for more understanding of the thin film.

• MEMS fabrication of Pressure Sensor with smaller diaphragm and simpler circuitry for accurate, compact,
and inexpensive pressure measurements. Successfully fabricated a device with low linearity, offset voltage
and high sensitivity.

• Performed Bio MEMS Fabrication of Microfluidic Mixers by the photolithography using silicon substrate and
PDMS hardening resin. Compared the mixing efficiencies of T-shaped simple micro-mixer and sigma mixer
using image processing and grey scale indexing of the images taken while mixing.

• Fabricated microelectronic devices such as NMOS and bipolar junction transistors in a clean room using
thermal  oxidation,  thermal  evaporation,  photolithography,  lift-off  process,  diffusion,  ion  implantation  and
etching. These devices were later tested for voltage and current responses.

Junior Engineer
Pace Electricals Pvt. Limited  -  Bangalore, Karnataka - November 2006 to July 2007

• Designed and constructed control panels for residential and industrial purposes.

• Planned general lighting and power circuit setup for large residential and shopping complexes. 

• Performed wiring of high-tension lines and general lighting and power circuit in large residential and shopping
complexes.

Internship
Visvesvarya Technological University  -  Bangalore, Karnataka - April 2006 to May 2006

• Participated in “Wireless voltage monitoring on the high tension lines", a Microcontroller based project which
deals with reading data from the remote location and displaying the same at the desired location.

• Detection of faults and reporting them to the control station using PIC16f873, 8 bit Microcontroller, a low
power high performance CMOS.

EDUCATION

Masters of Science in Electrical Engineering
University of Central Florida - Orlando, FL
2007 to 2010

Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical Engineering

Visvesvarya Technological University - Bangalore, Karnataka
2002 to 2006

SKILLS

• Porosity analyzer - Micromeritics ASAP 2020 • Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) • Atomic force
microscopy (AFM) • X-ray Diffraction (XRD) • X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS) • Raman
Spectroscopy • Ellipsometry • 4 probe measurement • I-V and C-V curve plotting • UV spectrophotometer
• RF and DC magnetron sputtering • Thermal oxidation • Thermal evaporation • Photolithography • Lift-off
Process, • Diffusion and Etching • MEMS fabrication (EVG620 Mask Aligner) • Solid Works 2010, PSpice,
MATLAB, OriginLab • HTML, CSS (Web design), Adobe Photoshop • Microsoft Office Professional: Word,
Excel, PowerPoint.

LINKS

http://etd.fcla.edu/CF/CFE0003142/ShantheyandaBojannaP201005_MS.pdf

PUBLICATIONS

" Investigation of Reactively Sputtered ZnO:Al Thin Films in Hydrogen ambience”
July 1, 2011
B. P. Shantheyanda, Arun Vijayakumar, Kalpathy B. Sundaram. Submitted to Thin solid films.

“Optical characterization of BCN films deposited at various N2/Ar gas flow ratios by RF
magnetron sputtering”
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0921510711002078
May 1, 2011
Vinit O. Todi, Bojanna P. Shantheyanda, Ravi M. Todi, Kalpathy B. Sundaram, Kevin Coffey, Materials Science
and Engineering B

“Hydrogen Doped ZnO:Al Thin Films by Reactive Sputtering”
http://www.ecsdl.org/getabs/servlet/GetabsServlet?
prog=normal&id=MAECES001002000019001371000001&idtype=cvips&gifs=yes
October 15, 2010
K. B. Sundaram, Bojanna P. Shantheyanda, V. O. Todi, A. Vijayakumar and I. Oladeji. 218th ElectroChemical
Society meeting- Las vegas,

“Investigation of Reactively Sputtered ZnO:Al Thin Films for solar cell”
http://www.ecsdl.org/getabs/servlet/GetabsServlet?
prog=normal&id=MAECES000901000001000002000001&idtype=cvips&gifs=yes
May 25, 2009
Bojanna P. Shantheyanda, Kalpathy Sundaram, 215th ElectroChemical Society meeting- San Fransisco.

“X-ray  Photoelectron  Spectroscopy  Analysis  of  Oxygen  Annealed  Radio  Frequency
Sputter Deposited BCN thin films”
http://www.ecsdl.org/getabs/servlet/GetabsServlet?
prog=normal&id=MAECES000901000001000062000001&idtype=cvips&gifs=yes
May 25, 2009
Vinit Todi, Bojanna P. Shantheyanda and Kalpathy,215th ElectroChemical Society meeting- San Fransisco.

"  Compositional  study  of  vacuum  annealed  Al  doped  ZnO  thin  films  obtained  by  RF
magnetron sputtering "
http://avspublications.org/jvsta/resource/1/jvtad6/v29/i5/p051514_s1?isAuthorized=no
September 1, 2011
B.  P.  Shantheyanda,  V.  O.  Todi,  and  K.  B.  Sundaram,  A.  Vijayakumar  and  I.  Oladeji.  Journal  of  Vacuum
Science and Technology

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

AWARDS

• Received “Performer of the year - 2011" for my work in Y-carbon, Inc, Bristol, PA.

• Served as Treasurer, Student Panel for Engineering and Computer Science(SPECS), University of Central
Florida, Orlando, Florida, […]

• Received “Best Self Study Report” award for preparation of ‘EE Self Study Booklet for ABET 09’, ), University
of Central Florida, Orlando, Florida, […]

• Held position as a Cultural Seat Representative (Advisor), Multicultural Student center, University of Central
Florida, Orlando, Florida, […]

• Served as a member of AVS and IEEE.

