Byron Banks

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Byron-Banks/874cf860951feb19

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Stationary Engineer
ST. AGNES MEDICAL CTR  -  phildelphia - January 2006 to January 2010

Major tasks, duties and responsibilities:
Start,  stops,  adjust  and  regulates  the  equipment,  observing  steam  flow  meters,  carbon  dioxide  recorders
pressure draft gauges and manipulating valves and controls to regulate flow of water and fuel to meet the need
for steam; adjusts fuel feed and volume of air in the boiler units.
Inspected  the  equipment  and  the  operation  of  the  boiler  room  periodically,  checked  and  tested  low  water
safety's.  Checked  oxygen,  nitrogen  and  nitrous  oxide  for  volume  and  pressure.  Repaired  and  maintained
machinery and equipment in accordance with diagrams, schematics, operation manuals and manufacture's
specs. Operation and repair of various chiller systems. Blow down boilers, test waste water chemical's, added
chemical's as needed. To prevent damage to boiler's and related equipment. Checked operation of water feed
pumps, oil pumps and other related equipment. Maintained log books and records pressure readings and
other related information during shift. Received fuel oil deliveries, made readings before and after delivery,
recorded gallons used. Rebuild steam valves, and other steam related equipment. Tighten valves, packing,
flanges, PRV, and piping leaks. Upon notice changed over from gas to oil in allotted time. Maintained water
softener treatment.

EXPERIENCE
10/20 2004-
Boiler Mech.
Philadelphia School District

Duties includes but not limited: repairing and maintaining refrigeration and air conditioning, automatic plants
and automatic temperature control equipment, analyze, test, adjust and repair automatic, oil and gas fired boiler
controls; repair and install gas and oil burners and controls, tanks, pressure vessels, and related industrial and
residential equipment, gauges and valves, including pressure, sequential boiler lead-lag and safety valves and
gauges; repaired and adjusted compressors, directed current and alternating current motors, receivers and
condensers; installed and repaired following blue prints, schematic drawings and verbal and written instruction;
read thermometers and temperature-control, recording charts, glow meters and gauges to determine when
temperature or humidity conditions and are not within specified ranges, .replaced Mc Donnell, and Warwick
low water controls replaced oil fuel pump's, motor contactor's. Kept boiler log, blew water column performed
water testing. Pulled and cleaned burner gun replaced nozzle when required, cleaned and adjusted electrodes.
Trouble shoot control board's, Operate boiler's maintaining it's N.O.W.L., trouble shoot and replaced, motor
actuator's troubleshoot and replaced Fire Eye control's repair and replaced troubleshoot motor contactors and
relay's.

EXPERIENCE

hvac/ mech
R MECH  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 1999 to December 2003

Duties  included  preventive,  maintenance  on  all  AC/Refrigeration  equipment  and  repairs  of  units  such  as
water cooled units, air cooled units, made refrigerant leak repairs, reclaimed refrigerant from every thing from
domestic to industrial equipment, replacement of temp controls, repaired leaks in evaporators, replaced TXV
valves and cages. Evaluate and repair any Power Plant and/or plant utility maintenance problem in an efficient
and professional manner, as it would apply to the Stationary Engineer. Safe operation and maintenance of
boilers observe various meters, and gauges and take appropriate action. Operate auxiliary equipment and
control  the  generation  of  a  continuous  supply  of  steam.  Prepare  boilers  and  related  equipment  for  state,
insurance, and other inspections .Repair, refurbish or replace broken or worn parts, i.e. traps, valves, meters,
gauges, etc. Maintain records, reports, logs, and statistics in accurate complete and legible manner. Apply
knowledge  of  and  demonstrate  competency  in  the  generation,  control  and  consumption  of  chilled  water.
Perform  periodic  inspection  of  all  mechanical  rooms  and  areas  throughout  the  facility,  in  accordance  with
accepted Departmental Stationary Engineering practices, to insure proper operation of heat, air conditioning,
ventilation pumps, plumbing, and medical support equipment, i.e. vacuum, compressed air, etc.

STATIONARY ENGINEER
ST. Regis Hotel  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 1998 to March 1999

Duties included changing air filters calibrating Pneumatic control box's replaced freeze stats calibrated outside
air  dampers  annual  preventive  maintenance  in  cooling  towers  replaced  belts  in  cooling  tower's.  Changed
and repacked actuator valves. Lubricated all mechanical systems. Preventive maintenance on units heater's,
replaced sump pumps, chilled water valves, troubleshoot and replaced electronic control valves and controls,
lubricated and replaced exhaust fans and bearing assembles, cleaned diffusers, replaced and repaired air
handler coils, replaced circulator pumps.

air condition mech
HVAC/R MECH  -  Bryn Mawr, PA - February 1996 to March 1998

Duties included electrical troubleshooting and repairing of water cooled heat pumps and refrigeration units,
replaced operating controls as necessary. Performed major overhauling of residential, light commercial and
commercial components in heat pumps and refrigeration units. Replaced operating controls such as defrost
controls, evaporator limit controls, water control valves, pressure controls. Replaced and rewired fan motors,
condensing water pumps, thermocouples, and gas valves. And performed monthly preventive maintenance
on all AC/Refrigeration equipment. Clean and grease pump and motor bearings, flushed oil pumps on turbine
auxiliaries, drained air compressor tank each shift changed compressor oil, repacked auxiliary pumps when
excessive leakage was evident, monitor and clean blades on draft fans when sighs of buildup on blades or
excessive vibration occurred, cleaned dirty sight glass, replaced broken and leaking sight glass corrected flame
failure's, was in charge of feed water pumps, vacuum pumps, oil pumps and sump pumps made sure boiler
had it's N.O.W.L.. Drained super heaters before start up tested failure controls.

