Chuck Schoenberger

Senior Substation Engineer - LaBELLA ASSOCIATES PC

Lawrenceville, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Chuck-Schoenberger/562763d96c3248ef

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Substation Engineer
LaBELLA ASSOCIATES PC - May 2013 to Present

Protection and Control)

• Mr Schoenberger has been working as a Senior Substation Engineer under a PSA agreement that Labella
Associates has with the Iberdrola Corporation for Substation modernization and upgrade projects in RG&E
and NYSEG Transmission, Switching and Distribution substation facilities. He is responsible for leading and
coordinating all protection and control aspects of the projects.

The  projects  involve  installation  of  new  substation  control  houses  populated  with  modern  Micro-processor
based  protection  ,  control  and  automation(SCADA)  equipment  ,  replacement  of  power  transformers,  HV
breakers, distribution switchgear and substation batteries and chargers.

He  is  responsible  for  preparation  and  final  review  and  approval  of  the  project  detailed  engineering
documentation , which include , System Studies (short circuit and voltage profile using ASPEN software) ,
equipment dimensioning and cable sizing calculations , equipment procurement specifications , one lines, AC ,
DC schematics , communication schematics , substation control logic diagrams, protection and control panel/
rack layout and elevation drawings and wiring diagrams

He is responsible for preparation relay setting files( using SEL Acelerator and/or GE EnerVista software)

He serves as Lead commissioning engineer preparing the project commissioning plans which includes outage
step packages , relay and equipment test procedures, primary and secondary blocking points for tagging ,
relay test scripts using Doble Pro Test software

He provides field supervision and technical support to relay test technicians and electricians performing relay
and equipment acceptance testing

He  provides  substation  design  engineering  training  classes  to  members  of  the  LaBELLA  electrical  design
engineering group.

Senior Substation Protection and Control Engineer
LaBELLA ASSOCIATES PC  -  Newark, NJ - February 2014 to December 2014

Newark NJ 2/14-12/14

• GE VFT /Con Ed Goethals 230kV Substation Upgrade - Under PSA agreement with Parsons Brinkerhoff
Mr Schoenberger worked as a Senior Substation Protection and Control Engineer on the Goethals 230kV
Substation Upgrade project. His duties included review of protection and control designs and technical field
support  for  installation  of  outage  step  packages  for  construction  and  commissioning  of  a  230kV  ring  bus
consisting four (4) 230kV Breakers and the associated protective relay, control and substation communication
equipment.

Senior Substation Engineer
RELAY & POWER SYSTEMS  -  Conshohocken, PA - July 2011 to April 2013

PSE&G  -  Multiple  Substations-  Under  PSA  agreement  with  Relay  Power  Systems  he  worked  as  Lead
Commissioning  Engineer  on  the  North  Brunswick  Switch  230kV  Breaker  Replacement  and  Bennets  Lane
230kV Transformer Replacement projects He also served as Lead Commissioning Engineer on the Bayonne
Switch , Greenville and Madison Substations 26kV Line Protection SD Relay Replacement Projects.
•  PSE&G  -  Multiple  Substations-  Under  PSA  agreement  with  Relay  Power  Systems  he  provided  detailed
technical support for the PSE&G 230kV System Programmed Upgrade Projects. His duties as a consultant
for  RPS  have  been  working  as  relay  protection  and  control  engineer  to  developed  Automation  Protection
and Control system relay rack, SCADA and ESOC hardware designs based on PSE&G standards for New
Substation Control Houses. He provided on site technical supervision for the installation and commissioning of
the Automation Protection and Control Equipment housed in the control houses which were supplied by RPS
to PSE&G for the West Orange, Marion, Laurel, Ward, & New Dover 230kV System Programmed Upgrade
Projects.
• Con Edison - East River, East 13th & Leonard St Substations- Under PSA agreement with Relay Power
Systems he provided Project Engineering and Detailed Engineering support for the Con Ed project to retrofit
the East River, East 13thSt and Leonard Street Substations with modern microprocessor relays and substation
automation system. His duties as a consultant were to developed cut over installation packages , associated
commissioning  test  plans  and  provide  technical  field  support  for  the  Con  Ed  in  house  construction  and
testing groups use to install and commission the new automation , protection , control and fiber optic network
equipment supplied by RPS to Con Ed.

Senior Substation Engineer
BAYONNE ENERGY CORPORATION - June 2010 to June 2011

Under PSA agreement with Bayonne Energy Corporation completed Project engineering, detailed engineering
and  provided  extended  technical  field  support  for  installation  and  test  of  the  new  SCADA/  Automation
Protection and Control System for the Con Ed Gowanus 345kV Expansion Project.

Senior Substation Engineer
CON EDISON /Lehigh Technical Services, NY - August 2001 to June 2011

Protection and Control)

Assigned under contract to Con Edison Central Engineering Controls Engineering Department as a Project
Engineer.  Responsible  for  project  planning,  budget,  schedule,  conceptual  and  detailed  engineering  for
transmission line and substation automation and protection retrofit projects. List of major project assignments
is provided below:

• Project: FERC/NERC PRC-002 -02 Reliability Standard Compliance Program for Disturbance Monitoring
(DME) Retrofit of Con Ed Substation Facilities rated 200KV and above with Digital Fault Recorders and Voltage
monitoring equipment to monitor parameters required to comply with FERC/NERC standards
• Project: East River 138kV/69kV Area Substation Automation and Protection System retrofit of large area
substation  with  a  microprocessor  based  automation  system,  to  control  and  protect  69  &  138kV  breakers,
138-69kV transformers, phase angle regulators, 69& 138kV feeders and buses. This includes all new micro-
processor relaying, controls, alarms, new DC system, new communications equipment, a GE UR C30 relay
fiber optic multiplexing system, new wiring from the field devices to the new yard C30 fiber optic remote terminal
units.
•  Project:  345kV  Line  Y94  Buchanan  /  Ramapo  Retrofit  Replacement  of  the  existing  blocking  carrier  line
protection scheme with modern micro-processor based relays and communication equipment. (GE UR D60
Relay and RFL 9780 Carrier and Transmitter.)

• Project: Farragut 345kV Line Static Line Protection retrofit. Replacement of existing GE D60 & Carrier Scheme
retrofit.
•  Project:  Millwood  345-138kV  Transformers  TA-1  &  TA-2  Directional  Neutral  Grnd  Protection  Retrofit
Replacement of existing electro mechanical direction neutral ground protection with GE F60 micro-processor
relay
•  Project:  Ramapo  345kV  Line  377,  between  Ramapo  (Consolidated  Edison)  and  Rock  Tavern  (Central
Hudson) retrofit. Replacement of the Feeder 77 first line blocking carrier relay system and first line carrier
transfer  trip  system  at  Ramapo  substation  with  modern  micro-processor  based  relays  and  communication
equipment.  Schweitzer  numerical  SEL-421-2  distance  relay  and  Pulsar  TCF-10B  frequency  shift  carrier
transceiver configured in an unblocking scheme. A GPS receiver kit is also required in order for the new relay to
be time-synchronized. G. E. CT-51A/CR-51A carrier transfer trip system will be replaced by a Pulsar TCF-10B
frequency shift carrier transfer trip transceiver.

Project Electrical Engineer
Engineering & Design Services Inc  -  Midlothian, VA - February 1993 to August 2001

Assigned under contract to (ABB Power T&D/Generation Inc) as Project Electrical Engineer responsible for
project planning, budget, schedule, conceptual and detailed engineering for turnkey contracts to supply , erect
and commission HV switchyard, substations and generating station auxiliary power systems. List of US project
assignments is provided below:
• Gilbert Energy Project 1x 270 MW GT24 w 500kV Switchyard & 5kV Substation
• Midlothian/Midlothian Extension 6 x 270 MW KA24-1 w 345kV Switchyard & 13.8-4.16kV substation
• Hays Energy Project 4 x 270 MW KA24-1 w 345kV Switchyard & 13.8-4.16kV substations
• Blackstone Energy Project 2 x 270 MW KA24-1 w 345kV Switchyard & 13.8-4.16kV substation
• Bellingham Energy Project 2 x 270 MW KA24-1 w 345kV Switchyard & 5kV substation.

Project Electrical Engineer
PSE&G, NJ - February 1989 to February 1993

Assigned  as  Project  Engineer/Sr  Electrical  Engineer  in  the  power  production  and  transmission  depts.
Engineering  and  construction  group.  Responsible  for  project  planning,  budget,  schedule,  conceptual
engineering, detailed engineering, construction supervision and commissioning on HV switchyard, substation
and power plant capital and maintenance projects.
• Burlington Unit 10 Re-powering
140 million dollar capital project to modernize and return to service a 250MW combined cycle power plant.
Electrical scope of work included 500kV switchyard expansion, new 60MVA 13.8kV walkin substation, new
20MVA 5kV walkin substation, new LV substations for auxiliary power system loads, new 500kV switchyard
SCADA system, new plant distributive control system, new DC & UPS control power systems.
• Burlington Generating Station Unit 7, 8& 9 138kV switchyard 26kV substation and 13.8kV Auxiliary Power
System  Upgrade  project  10  million  dollar  capital  project  involved  switchyard  retrofit  of  138kV  and  26kV
switchyard control system to modern SCADA system, replacement of 26KV Oil Circuit breakers with modern
vacuum interrupter breakers, consolidation of new station air compressors and other existing plant load on to
new 13.8kV walkin substation.
• Kearny Generating Station 138kV Switchyard And 13.8kV Auxiliary Power System Upgrade project 10 million
dollar capital project involved switchyard control system retrofit to modern SCADA System and installation of
a new 40 MVA, 13.8kV walkin substation.

Plant Engineer/System Engineer
PSE&G, NJ - October 1981 to February 1989

Nuclear Dept

Assigned to operations dept as plant electrical engineer for Salem Generating Station Units 1&2. (2x1000
MW Steam Turbine Generators driven by 2 Westinghouse Pressurized Water Reactors) As a requirement to
hold this position successfully completed 10 month senior reactor operator training program. Responsible for
planned and forced outage maintenance and testing of HV switchyard substation and plant auxiliary power
systems and equipment. Supervised IBEW substation relay technicians, plant I&C technicians, maintenance
electricians  on  equipment  testing,  trouble  shooting  and  maintenance  activities.  Responsible  for  planning,
budgeting and scheduling work orders which governed this work. Held this position for eight years before
transferring to Engineering and Construction group PSE&G Newark Corporate headquarters.

Assigned as Electrical Engineer Gulf States Utilities River Bend Station Unit
Stone & Webster Engineering Corporation - 1980 to 1981

1 Nuclear Power Plant Project

Assigned as Electrical Design Engineer Bethlehem Steel Shuichang Taconite Mining
Project
United Engineers Industrial Division - 1979 to 1980

Stone & Webster Engineering Corporation - 1976 to 1978

2 Nuclear Power Plant Project

EDUCATION

B.S. in ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING
DREXEL UNIVERSITY

B.A. in EDUCATION/SCIENCE
LA SALLE UNIVERSITY

