Corey Jackson

Inovative, Motivated, Driven

Brookhaven, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Corey-Jackson/8dd1c34ccceae4d6

Work for a company willing to push the boundaries, and my career to the next level.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Packaging Mechanic
AstraZeneca  -  Newark, DE - October 2014 to Present

Responsible for multi-craft maintenance activities in assigned areas to ensure production equipment operates
efficiently  and  in  compliance  with  FDA  requirements.  Perform  Preventive  and  Predictive  Maintenance
on  equipment  in  the  assigned  areas  including:  Inspections  and  scheduled  overhauls.  Use  analytical
troubleshooting  skills  to  recognize  equipment  problems,  identify  root  cause,  and  recommend/  implement
solutions  that  prevent  problem  reoccurrence.  Perform  mechanical  and  electrical  equipment  repairs  in  the
assigned  area  including:  set-up/change-over,  routine  adjustments  and  fabrication.  Work  with  Supervisors,
Operators, Engineers, and other Mechanics to identify and implement opportunities to improve equipment/
production efficiencies. Participate in cross-functional teams as assigned to support continuous improvement
or equipment installation/modification. Perform and document work in compliance with SOP's, Safety Health
&  Environment  (SHE)  standards  and  Good  Manufacturing  Practices  (GMP's).  To  include:  work  orders,
PM's, logbooks, and permits. Respond to multiple equipment/production problems and prioritize or change
assignments as needed to meet production demands.

Field Service Technician
Omega Design  -  Exton, PA - October 2013 to Present

Lead  field  serialization  specialist.  Lead  installer  on  new  serialization  lines.  Work  closely  with  software
developers on serialization and line integration. Develops and modifies machine control programs including,
but  not  limited  to,  PLCs,  HMIs,  vision  systems,  robotic  systems,  and  motion  control  systems.  Travels  to
customer  sites  to  install  new  machines  and  troubleshoot  and  repair  existing  machines.  Trains  customer
personnel  in  the  setup  and  use  of  Omega  machines.  Tests  and/or  inspects  machines  and  equipment  to
ensure specific operational performance and optimum utilization. Sell additional services and machines to
customers.  Consult  with  engineering  and  production  personnel  relative  to  modification  of  machines  and
equipment in order to improve production and quality of products. Thoroughly records and documents changes
to electrical, mechanical and programming changes made to serviced machines. Contributes to the continuous
improvement of machine programs and designs by leveraging insights gained through field experience. Was
lead in installations and training of pharmaceutical serialization projects.

Lead Carpenter
R. Jackson Construction  -  Brookhaven, PA - 2005 to Present

Helped grow business by hiring 3 new employees to round out the companies skill set, and grew production
from $250,000 to over $600,000 in volume. Manage a crew of sub-contractors, keeping them on budget and
making sure they are all following our standards and the plans. Run many projects simultaneously in residential,
commercial,
and institutional settings. Manage our employees’ daily work, training them in new skills, making sure our
quality is high and our output is good. Handle customers concerns and fix any problems that occur. Interact
with any township officials that come on site, obtain permits when required, and communicate with architect on

how to make his plans a reality. Handle office paper work involving estimating, invoicing, and change orders.
I have supervised small capital projects at Widener University for 5+ years.

Boiler Service Technician
Powerhouse Equipment  -  Delanco, NJ - 2003 to 2005

Serviced and maintained company’s and customer’s boilers. Supervised installation of mechanical systems in
major universities on the east coast. Traveled to and trained customers on how to operate company’s rental
package or water tube boilers. On-call 24 hours a day for customer support or field emergency response.
Responsibilities included burner maintenance, burner tuning, troubleshooting, and new installation of steam
pipe work, copper water piping, controls, high and low voltage electric. Fixed motors, installed new pumps and
motors, fixed starters, replaced fuses, aligned motor shafts, balanced fans, wire sizing, transformer installation.
Completed 12 month field service training in 1.5 months.

EDUCATION

BS in Professional Studies
Neumann University - Aston, PA
2014 to 2017

Associates in Power Plant Technology
Williamson College of the Trades
2003

SKILLS

PLC, Electrical, Mechanical, Troubleshooting, Training

