Dante Gates

Maintenance Mechanic/Millwright - Universal Electrical Services

Essington, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dante-Gates/58f37bb4fb6bf9e1

To seek a position that fits my qualifications as a field mechanic and demonstrates my abilities to get the job
done in a timely manner.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Maintenance Mechanic/Millwright
Universal Electrical Services  -  Souderton, PA - December 2013 to Present

Mechanical  division"  working  various  contracts  in  the  industrial  mechanical  and  structural  field  performing
installation repairs, also supporting the electrical and communication divisions

Newcastle, DE Mechanic
Advanced Installations - July 2012 to Present

Mechanic/Millwright
Aluminum Shapes  -  Delair, NJ - March 2013 to November 2013

Worked in a 267,000 square meter facility supporting all building maintenance and all production of forging,
casting and extruding aluminum.

Lead Mechanic
Joule Inc  -  Gibbstown, NJ - January 2004 to April 2011

Worked  on  fulfilling  mission-critical,  large  scale  projects  across  the  Tri-State  area  on  time,  on  budget.
Specialized  in  coded  ASME  welding,  fabrication,  shutdown  and  outage  support,  facility  expansion  and
rebuild and preventative maintenance. PINS OSHA trained, on various industrial/commercial jobs, including
inspecting, diagnosing, piping, moving, replacing and/or repairing large scale machinery, conveyers, boilers,
ovens

Plumber/Mechanic
Delcard Associates  -  Wilmington, DE - June 2003 to September 2004

Worked as a plumber/mechanic for a full service mechanical contractor, specializing in heating, air conditioning,
plumbing, pipefitting and sheet metal.

Supervisor
Paoli Services  -  Wilmington, DE - March 2001 to January 2003

Supervised  a  two  year  project  including  the  demolition,  removal  and  installation  of  all  existing  mechanical
systems in a five building complex at MBNA at Deerfield.

Millwright Mechanic
Bruce Industrial  -  Wilmington, DE - December 2000 to March 2001

Millwright working at various commercial and industrial sites that specialized in structural steel process piping,
hoist and crane, millwright and rigging work.

Millwright Mechanic
DCI Thorofare  -  Thorofare, NJ - March 1994 to October 2000

Industrial mechanic, working at majority of DuPont sites throughout the Delaware Valley.

Auto Mechanic
Philadelphia and South Jersey  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 1984 to March 1994

Class A auto Mechanic at various companies.

EDUCATION

Delaware Technical School
1998

Collingswood High School
1976 to 1980

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

I gained experience in operating and maintaining heavy equipment and trucks as well as learning building
trades after joining the US army Engineers in 1980. After transitioning into civilian life I worked as a line car
mechanic for a decade. I then changed my craft to industrial mechanic/millwright. My jobs in this field included
working in manufacturing, industrial, chemical, pharmaceutical and petroleum facilities such as DuPont, Astra
Zeneca, Sun Oil, Mittal Steel, Herr's Foods, Tasty Cake, Buzzi Unicem and Essroc Nazareth. On occasion I
was required to do mechanical and electrical repair for shut downs on some of their systems. I became skilled in
all phases of maintenance including basic electric, mechanical, fabrication, welding, carpentry, plumbing, pipe
fitting and troubleshooting various problems related to machinery for those systems by visual inspection and
the use of gages, meters. I learned to do preventative maintenance on machinery, and equipment, by following
diagrams, sketches, prints operations manuals, manufacturer's instructions and directions from supervisors,
and management. I completed tasks that included the use of hand tools, power tools, pneumatic tools, oxygen,
acetylene, propane, map torches, air arcing, grinding and plasma cutting for mechanical, plumbing, and piping
as well as basic electrical repair of removing switches and motors components. Knowing the safe working
loads and limits of rigging equipment, using crane signals, overhead loads, using hoists and come longs for
alignment as well as removing and installing these in a way that would also allow for correct alignment of
other pumps, shafts, systems for production and the building of those systems were required as well. My work
standards  include  good  housekeeping  skills,  following  OSHA  and  company  safety  standards,  establishing
good work relationships and completing jobs on time and to management and customer's satisfaction.

