Derrick Singleton

Owner/Manager - D.D.S. Home Remodeling and Repairs

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Derrick-Singleton/0c056a408cfe7d6a

To obtain a position that will utilize my skills and training in Air Conditioning, Refrigeration, and Heating
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Chief Engineer
Hampton Inn  -  King of Prussia, PA - June 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
handle daily routine worksheets supervise and train employees check P.M. rooms Plans organize and direct
activities concerning the construction and maintenance of structures and facilities.
Study job specifications to determine appropriate construction methods.
Select,  contract,  and  oversee  workers  who  complete  specific  areas  of  the  project,  such  as  painting  and
plumbing.

Skills Used
H.V.A.C,Carpentry, Electrical, and Plumbing. Leadership

Owner/Manager
D.D.S. Home Remodeling and Repairs  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2009 to Present

Prepare contracts and negotiate revisions, changes, and additions to contractual agreement with clients and
sub-contractors.
Plans organize and direct activities concerning the construction and maintenance of structures and facilities.
Study job specifications to determine appropriate construction methods.
Select,  contract,  and  oversee  workers  who  complete  specific  areas  of  the  project,  such  as  painting  and
plumbing.

Engineering Technician
Homewood Suites by Hilton  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2014 to May 2015

Public Space Attendant/ Custodial Engineer
Double Tree Hotel  -  King of Prussia, PA - 2012 to 2012

Cleaned, supplied, and serviced restrooms gathered and emptied trash.
Cleaned floors by sweeping, mopping, and vacuuming, followed procedures for the use of chemical cleaners
and power equipment to prevent and harm or damage.
Cleaned windows, glass partitions, and mirrors, using water with soap and other cleaning products, delivered
requested linen and other amenities to guests.

Temporary Worker
Penn Staffing  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2010 to 2012

Used tools ranging from common hand to power tools, including hammers saws drills, and inductances.
Repaired and replaced defective equipment parts using hand and power tools.
Assembled, installed, and repaired wiring, electrical components, pipe systems, and plumbing.
Inspected, tested, and operated machinery and equipment to diagnose machine malfunctions.

EDUCATION

Diploma in Air Conditioning, Refrigeration, and Heating
Orleans Technical Institute - Philadelphia, PA
2013

