Earl Sproul

Certified Welder/Mechanical Engineer

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Earl-Sproul/3f5b9b9a83daf204

I am a self starter, articulate, reliable, honest & hardworking, where I like to take pride in a job well done

WORK EXPERIENCE

Mechanical Maintenance Engineer
Passiac Terminal  -  Newark, NJ - October 2011 to March 2012

Waste Water & Bio Diesel Energy Plant Maintenance Mechanic Engineer & Boiler Operations, Typical projects
include industrial wastewater treatment systems, environmental and pollution control systems, facility designs,
pump stations, material handling and storage systems, process systems evaluation and recommendations,
and automated chemical process systems. Design packages include multiple engineering disciplines, including
piping systems, steel structures, equipment design, and automated control systems. PLC's Electronic Controls,
electrical running & testing of wiring, maintaining, installation & repairs of machinery & equipment, track piping
& trouble shooting, testing research, site plans, grading plans, process flow diagrams, piping & instrumentation
diagrams, and civil/mechanical design & calculations and data interpretation & daily preventive maintenance,
while reordering inventory & supplies with assorted fabrications w/ Power Point, Excel, Professional Office
Microsoft, Solid works, Work Station & Micro station V8i, MEP Revit, Autodesk & Bentley BIM Environment
AutoCAD

Chemical Mechanic
Polar Service Center  -  Bensalem, PA - May 2011 to August 2011

Mechanic Welder/Chemical Tractor Tankers Mechanic Performing daily trouble shooting & maintenance w/ the
addition of repairs on Tractors, PM, FHWA, VIK Inspections, pressure testing, electric, brakes, seals, drums,
equalizers, struts, pneumatic air systems & assorted welding fabrication repairs on chemical carrying tankers
& tractors

Pipeline Welder
ASRC Energy Services   -  Anchorage, AK - January 2009 to April 2011

Pipeline Welder/Engineer- Working on the pipeline & other various assignments performing the full range of
journey-level pipe welding vertical uphill & downhill processes throughout the country and applying all aspects
of welding procedures, including preheat temperatures, electrode selection, welding process, cutting torch
burning and quality control specifications in accordance with the specific metallurgical properties of the material
involving basic rigging procedures and structural steel fabrication, construct and modify piping systems and
process equipment using engineering disciplines by survey, calculations & AutoCad, while maintaining records
of work orders and materials used.

MIG/TIG Welder
Logistics Operation Systems  -  Horsham, PA - April 2008 to December 2008

Pa.  19044,  Tommy  Lasalle  (215)421-8640.  Working  with  Logistics  Operation  Systems  and  component
accessories by means of blue prints, measuring devices and welding techniques on thin gauge Stainless,
Carbon and Aluminum Steel, while keeping a study flow of pace on each particular project by using computer
system programs for logging on & off each job to document progress.

Repair Welder

Gamesa Wind US  -  Fairless Hills, PA - January 2007 to January 2008

19030,  Ken  Truitt,  (215)  917-9959.  Sub  Arc  Programmer  on  energy  circular  towers  and  Repair  Welder
assembly of wind towers for natural energy plant suppliers promoted to hire division for any repairs needed in
order for sections to pass UT Inspections with the additions of PT inspections: using processes such as metric
measurements, lay out of brackets and defects to be repaired, by means of SMAW, GMAW and FCAW also
as an employee trained in medical first responded.

Mechanical Pipe Welder
Joule Industrial Contractors  -  Gibbstown, NJ - February 2004 to November 2006

Bill  Robb.  Primary  function  as  a  repairer  Maintenance  Mechanic  during  shut  down  operations  across  the
country and locally to over haul systems, also track pipe fittings and welding for Industrial refrigeration systems
and structural steel fabrications, with the additions of conveyor belts, hopper repairs on boiler furnaces for
recycle and assorted energy plants machinery repairs, by means of schematic and blue print drawing and
obtaining on the regular hot permits needed for hot work and confine space operations by means of GMAW,
GTAW, SMAW and mechanical with electrical instruments, hydraulics, pneumatic systems and supervising
others with process of following OSHA safety codes

Structural Steel Welder/fabricator
Formula Steel Fabricators  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2003 to February 2004

Dale Fera Jr. (215)989-8384. Doing lay-outs, fit ups from blue prints, welding: GTAW, SMAW and GMAW
procedures, pressing, burning, shearing and sawing on structural steel, pipes, tubes, vessel heavy equipment,
handrails, stairs, window guards, columns and misc., working with overhead crane operations and erecting
crane installation in shop as well as out in the field..

Mechanic Journeyman, ODESSEY
Waste Removal - October 2002 to April 2003

Phila. Pa. Maintained a fleet of tractor & trailers of twenty five, keeping a daily report on full extent of mechanical
work performed and inventory with the addition of being their welding specialist.

Mechanic Journeyman
HOLT CARGO - November 2000 to October 2002

28 pier Columbus Blvd. Phila. Pa. PM inspections on vans & chassis and doing whatever repairs also welding
specialist from front bolster to rear, air systems, refrigeration units, electrical, brake, cross members within
a union shop.

40 hour per week, Welder
Kvearner Philadelphia Shipyard, Philadelphia Naval Business  -  Center, PA - September 1998 to October
2000

Jon Nash (SHIP BUILDER) - Lead welder with management training, certified SMAW, FCAW, GTAW and
ceramic welding, while training other welders with procedures within inner bottom section of the ship in the
G2, G3 and G4 position, using overhead crane operations with the addition of programming processes and
burning on large panel.

Structural Steel Welder/fabricator
Formula Steel Fabricators  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 1993 to September 1998

Dale Fera Jr. (215)989-8384. Doing lay-outs, fit ups from blue prints, welding: GTAW, SMAW and GMAW
procedures, pressing, burning, shearing and sawing on structural steel, pipes, tubes, vessel heavy equipment,
handrails, stairs, window guards, columns and misc., working with overhead crane operations and erecting
crane installation in shop as well as out in the field..

Pa. Mr. Abbott Sr. General welding and maintenance
Miller St. Phila - July 1991 to February 1993

Pa. Mr. Abbott Sr. General welding and maintenance on misc. & boiler repairs replacing fire tubes, bricks,
gauges and cleaning with replacement of fill caps in shop as well as in the field of commercial sites.

EDUCATION

BS in Mechanical Engineer
Penn Foster College - Scottsdale, AZ
2011 to 2015

Black Seal License in Low/High Pressure Boilers & Chillers
Boiler Training Center - Kensworth
2012 to 2012

Delaware County Community College - Broomall, PA
February 1999

BA in Undergraduate Engineer
Temple University - Philadelphia, PA
1987 to 1989

Metal Fabrication Studies
Airco Technical Institute
February 1985 to August 1985

Diploma in Math, English, Social Studies, Spanish
Benjamin Franklin High School
November 1981 to June 1984

Vocational in Math, English, Social Studies, Spanish
Bok Technical Vocational School
September 1979 to November 1981

LINKS

http://www.ezmoneyimprovementsLLC.com

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Other Skills & Achievements

Industrial  maintain,  install  and  troubleshoot  process  equipment  systems  comprised  of  vacuums  pumps,
agitator, heat exchangers, tanks, reactors, various chemical processing alloy piping systems, valves and other
mechanical systems, monitoring, repair, maintain machinery with documentation of field mechanical equipment
including  plant  safety  systems  and  power  systems,  ability  to  work  independently  with  minimal  direction
within a team environment, familiar with OSHA PSM guidelines and regulations, familiar with preventive and
predictive maintenance task, familiar with CMMS systems, welding specifications, experiences in reviewing
and interpreting engineering drawings, P & ID's, plan with elevation drawings, isometric drawings and vendor
installation documents with the ability to comprehend welding fundamental concepts with tensile strength, HEZ,
basic math-matics, algerbra and geometry, forklift driving, pilot jack operations w/ repairs, spot, stud, slotted,

plug pipe, silver soldering, braze welding and programming of different machinery with the different electrical
and conventional measuring tools desired to complete task, Crane Operations, high reach lifts with the addition
of architectural auto cad design drawing, efficient with computer micro-soft, excel and other programs also a
team player who is people oriented.

