eric savage

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/eric-savage/568532ccb2a8316a

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Electronics Engineer
Lockheed Martin Space Systems Company  -  Newtown, PA - March 2011 to May 2015

Responsibilities
Participated  on  an  engineering  design  team  in  Electrical  Power  Subsystems  (EPS)  for  Space  Systems
Company  working  through  all  phases  of  the  design  from  requirements  development  through  qualification
and  flight  production.  Responsibilities  included  performing  circuit  design,  PCB  layout,  worst  case  analysis
(WCA), piece part failure mode effects and criticality analysis (FMECA), part stress analysis (PSA), failure
analysis  (FA),  maintaining  and  defining  requirements  in  DOORS,  defining  test  requirements,  creating  test
procedures, troubleshooting flight hardware / special test equipment, reviewing flight test data and presenting
at  failure  review  board  (FRB)  meetings.  Worked  closely  with  engineers  in  other  disciplines  (mechanical,
thermal, dynamic, system and test) to find creative solutions to technical problems while also involving them
early on during the design phase to avoid future problems and schedule delays. Additionally, I served as a
technical lead on the development of a critical box level component in the Lithium Ion subsystem with a focus
on common products for use on all programs. In this role, I reviewed circuit designs and analyses performed
by other engineers on the team while providing guidance to lesser experienced engineers.

Engineer
Frequency Electronics Inc  -  Mitchel Field, NY - December 2006 to April 2010

Responsibilities
Participated  on  an  engineering  team  responsible  for  designing  and  producing  low  noise,  space  level  RF
Synthesizers and Local Oscillators ranging from 1MHz to 20GHz, working from the design phase through
qualification and flight production. Responsibilities included supervising technicians and associate engineers
performing alignment, test and troubleshooting at board and box level, creating and performing alignment / test
procedures at the board and box level, performing data review of flight hardware, troubleshooting board / box
level failures and performing component stress analysis due to failures. Additionally, served as subject matter
expert (SME) on worst case analysis (WCA), performing WCA on circuit designs by higher level engineers
through circuit analysis and simulations, verifying simulation models with hardware, providing circuit design
updates to meet requirements at end of life (EOL) worst case and presenting results to the customer.

Associate Engineer
V-COMM L.L.C.  -  Blue Bell, PA - October 2005 to September 2006

Responsibilities
Participated on an engineering team responsible for performing optimization of cellular networks through audits
and  redesign.  Responsibilities  included  constructing  existing  network  via  invoices  and  company  provided
data,  researching  Telecom  tariffs  and  standards  for  pricing  and  penalties  incurred  for  terminating  service,
contacting Telecom carriers and optimizing the network through identifying new hub locations based on current
subscribers and projected growth.

Associate Electrical Engineer
Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory  -  Princeton, NJ - March 2004 to September 2004

Responsibilities
Participated  on  an  engineering  team  responsible  for  the  testing  and  maintenance  of  critical  research
equipment. Projects worked on included Avalanche Photo Diode (APD) Amplifier, Camera Controller Redesign
and Ground Fault Monitor Research. Responsibilities included performing board level troubleshooting, creating
and  performing  test  procedures,  collecting  data,  generating  user  manuals  and  test  reports,  creating  block
diagrams from legacy schematics and creating / running simulations using OrCAD.

Engineering Assistant
Poly-Scientific  -  Springfield, PA - March 2003 to September 2003

Responsibilities
Participated  on  an  engineering  team  responsible  for  the  design  and  testing  of  actuators  used  in  aircraft.
Responsibilities included performing acceptance test procedures to verify accurate performance under normal
conditions as well as under temperature and gravitational force stress conditions. Additional responsibilities
included breadboarding / troubleshooting of prototype and test circuit boards and verifying circuit board layouts
with schematic before being sent for mass production.

EDUCATION

BS in Electrical Engineering (RF and Electronics)
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
2000 to 2005

SKILLS

Software Programs: ICAP, SABER, OrCAD Pspice, Ansoft, ADS, DOORs, Mathcad,EPDM,Microsoft
Word,Visio,Excel,Power Point, Test Equipment: Network Analyzer, Spectrum Analyzer, Frequency /
Function Generator, Oscilloscope, Logic Analyzer, Agilent 5052 Phase Noise Analyzer, Frequency Counter,
Power Meter

AWARDS

Robert Quinn Outstanding ECE Undergraduate
June 2005
Awarded for outstanding academic excellence, graduating Summa Cum Laude with GPA of 3.9 on 4.0 scale.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Relevant Coursework

Senior Design Project
Participated on an engineering team designing a RFID Reader for the 2.45GHz Band. Goals of the design were
to minimize the Noise Figure and maximize the detectable distance of the Reader while operating under FCC
regulations. Responsibilities included: researching available components (PA, Mixers, LNA, Local Oscillator,
etc), designing each component’s surrounding circuitry through calculations, Smith Chart and simulation in
Agilent ADS, designing board layout in ADS and testing design with automatic network analyzer, spectrum
analyzer  and  function  generator  to  verify  performance.  Other  activities  included  scheduling,  cost  analysis,
researching alternative solutions, and presenting results. 

RF Electronics I and II 

Laboratory concentrated coursework including the design, testing and tuning of couplers, power dividers,
impedance  matching  networks,  filters,  switches,  phase  shifters  and  amplifiers.  Designs  were  made  using
theoretical calculations and Smith Chart, tuned using Agilent ADS, fabricated through microstrip line and tested
using Automatic Network Analyzer, Function Generator, and Spectrum Analyzer. 

Advanced Electronics I & II
Application, design, simulation and testing focused courses, involving op-amp principles, feedback techniques,
transfer function implementation, active filters, RF amplifiers, oscillators and am/fm modulation.

Digital Electronics
Design, simulation and characterization of digital building blocks (inverters, nand, nor), CMOS logic gates,
drivers and memory.

EE Labs I, II, III & IV
Laboratory  intensive  courses  involving  design,  simulation  and  testing  of  analog  and  digital  circuits  in
the  electrical  engineering  areas  of  computers,  controls  /  robotics,  electronics,  power  and  energy,  and
telecommunications. Lab IV involved semester long design of a digital voice recorder.

