Ezra Jennings

Vehicle Mechanic - U.S. Army

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ezra-Jennings/7efc569ee341205f

Seeking a position to which I can utilize military training, knowledge, and skills.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Mechanical Engineer
flowers bakery   -  Norfolk, VA - September 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
Fix and diagnose any problems on machinery that accrue.

Automotive Technician
tysinger  -  Hampton, VA - October 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
Diagnose vehicles, oil and filter change, rotate tires. Mount and balance.

Accomplishments
positive attitude, good people skills. Fast and skilled at work, very knowledgeable

Vehicle Mechanic
U.S. Army  -  Fort Bliss, TX - September 2012 to February 2014

Maintain wheeled vehicles, their associated trailers and material handling equipment systems by inspections,
servicing,  maintaining,  repairing,  replacing,  adjusting,  and  testing  parts  and  systems;  responsible  for
maintenance support for 150 vehicles valued at $10,000,000; also responsible for the use and readiness of two
general mechanic's toolkits and a Standard Automotive Tool Set (SATS) Trailer with a total value of $220,830;
when necessary leads Company vehicle recovery operations. Installs engines, transmissions, power steering
systems, frame cross members. Perform engine diagnostics and wheel alignments. Supervises 5 subordinate
personnel.  Tool  room  attendant,  in  charge  of  maintenance  on  tools  as  well  as  equipment  accountability.
Responsible for electrical system maintenance and troubleshooting, to include wiring harness removal and
replacement.

Automotive Technician
Beach Ford  -  Virginia Beach, VA - March 2015

Responsibilities
Diagnose vehicles, oil and filter change, rotate tires. Mount and balance.
O2 sencors

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: U.S Army
Rank: E5
91B

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Experienced with over 3 years of diverse background as a leader, trainer and manager. Skilled in producing
higher performance standards and enhancing productivity. Team player that's trustworthy, disciplined, honest
and  dependable  with  strong  work  ethics.  A  strong  team  builder  and  leader  that  enjoys  the  challenge  of
acquisitions and integrations, organizational restructuring and turnaround, product development or expansion,
and taking projects from concept through to completion. Well qualified professional accustomed to competently
managing  multiple  assignments  in  a  fast  paced  environment  that  depends  on  efficiency  and  accuracy.
Possess strong communication skills, proven leadership and excellent interpersonal skills. Ability to learn new
procedures quickly and adapt to a fast-paced environment. Able to motivate personnel, conduct performance
evaluation  reviews,  and  ensure  compliance  with  standard  procedures.  Capable  of  exercising  independent
judgment within defined procedures and process to determine appropriate approach.

