Feng Wang

Network Engineer Intern

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Feng-Wang/55e1163f386c8086

To work in a challenging environment that provides opportunities for learning in the field of network engineering
or software development.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Sponsorship required to work in the US

WORK EXPERIENCE

Network Engineer Intern
Comcast Cable Communications  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - May 2015 to August 2015

Performed base configuration and assisted network engineer with rp-address statement and ACL check on
ASR 9000 routers as a part of converged regional area network (CRAN) modernization.
• Developed a Python program to compare configured interfaces and what are documented in spreadsheet in
Boston market as part of AR planning and migrations.
• Developed a twitterbot in Java to enhance the customer service in social media as an internship project.
• Conducted Connected_to_BGP prefix list check on all routers in CPA and Pittsburgh market.
• Assisted project manager in project progress report using Rally software.

Project Assistant
University of Wisconsin - Madison  -  Madison, WI - April 2013 to June 2014

• Optimized equipment synchronization related to High-Functioning Autism child research.
• Developed data collection and analysis skills by accessing Noldus software.
• Maintained regular experiment and collaborated with teammates from Department of Kinesiology.

Intern Engineer
Glodon Software Co  -  北京市 - June 2013 to August 2013
• Developed a C# based lightness controller and power monitoring application from serial interface 485.
• Experimented smart home system associated with Internet of Things using cc2530 development kit.
• Researched smart parking lot system with RFID techniques.
Honors

Undergraduate Researcher
University of Wisconsin - Madison, Dept. of Electrical & Computer Engineering  -  Madison, WI - January
2013 to May 2013

• Implemented a real-time face blurring Android application using OpenCV with high performance on number
of faces blurred compared with Youtube.
• Implemented a base version of face-blurring application via cloud storage using Adaboost algorithm.
• Presented at University Research Symposium.

Volunteer teacher at Beichuan, China
Dean's Honor List  -  Madison, WI - July 2011 to August 2011

July - August 2011

Volunteer

EXPO  -  Madison, WI - 2011 to 2011

and ISS Orientation, University of Wisconsin-Madison
Will now or in the near future need sponsorship

EDUCATION

Master's in Electrical Engineering
University of Pennsylvania - Philadelphia, PA
2014 to 2016

Bachelor's in Electrical Engineering
University of Wisconsin-Madison - Madison, WI
2010 to 2014

SKILLS

Java (2 years), Javascript (Less than 1 year), Python (3 years), SQL (Less than 1 year), CSS (1 year),
HTML (1 year), Security (2 years), Wireless (1 year)

CERTIFICATIONS

CCNA
April 2017

CCNP

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills
Networking: CCNA R&S certificate, CCNP Routing certificate, CCNA Network Security, Wireless, 5G;
Database: SQL/noSQL, mongoDB; Computer Languages: Java, Python, JavaScript, C;
Web Programming: HTML, CSS; NodeJS, AngularJS;
Other Applications and OS: Matlab, Mathematica; SPSS; Quartus, Pspice; Linux; Rally

