Frank Poper

Maintenance Engineer

West Deptford, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Frank-Poper/a6fd0c9355add6d3

To obtain a position where I can utilize my skills and gain further experience while enhancing the
company's productivity and reputation.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Maintenance Engineer
Able Engineering Services  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2013 to July 2015

Maintain and perform repairs to buildings, utilities, grounds and equipment.
Optimize the repair and maintenance of HVAC, electrical and plumbing equipment and systems.
Uses and helps provide best practices to troubleshoot and repair equipment and system problems so that
problems are resolved in the most efficient and effective manner.
Provide hands-on training and collaboration to other engineering team members.
Record all pertinent data in building logbooks, and makes all appropriate daily entries.
Actively functions as a team member
Demonstrates commitment to quality of service.
Complies and participates with Able Engineering Service's safety program
Maintains regular attendance in the workplace.
Provides highest quality of service to the tenants, staff and visitors at the facility.

General Superintendent
Seniors Management North Inc  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - August 2003 to June 2013

Responsible for all aspects of general construction, renovations, and maintenance of nursing homes and office
facilities throughout the Eastern United States.
Manage in-house crews ranging from two (2) to twenty (20) tradesman
Coordinate and manage Subcontractors of all trades
Interact with staff and administrators of in-house building on a daily basis
Prepare facilities for all state inspections as required
Have the ability to solve all problems that arise

EDUCATION

High School Diploma in General Education
West Deptford High School - West Deptford, NJ
June 2000

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
Drywall finishing and painting Roofing
Install and repair doors and windows Corian Countertops
Expert operation of power and hand tools Ability to read and interpret blue prints
Plumbing Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Electric Reliable/Flexible

