Frank Wilburn

Contractor/Owner - Big Frank's Air Conditioning, Heating & Plumbing

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Frank-Wilburn/d20744ff47ce0992

WORK EXPERIENCE

Contractor/Owner
Big Frank's Air Conditioning, Heating & Plumbing - January 2000 to Present

Repair and replace heaters, air conditioners, plumbing and electrical problems.
Commercial and residential.

Maintenance Mechanic
Philadelphia at Rittenhouse Square - June 2014 to May 2016

Duties deal with vendors all upkeep of the building interior/exterior complete work orders Hotel and condos
room. Also worked on all equipment chillers heat pumps split unit steam pipes pumps generators air handlers
Motors

Maintenance Mechanic
Pennsylvania Residential Real Estate, Stokley Properties - July 2013 to April 2014

Maintain several properties, interior and exterior, also work orders, turnovers, and HVHC
Deal with venders, order materials, and complete all maintenance tasks for the upkeep for all the properties

Maintenance Mechanic Seasonal
Park Heights Apt. Bldg  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2011 to October 2011

Completed work orders
Replace, repair, and maintain all HVAC equipment
Electrical, plumbing, and carpentry.

HVAC Technician/Installer
Big Frank's Air Conditioning, Heating & Plumbing  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2008 to June 2009

The Edge@Avenue North -- Philadelphia, PA
Campus living for Temple University.
Supervision of 5 employees in maintenance & housekeeping with 300 rooms and the surrounding grounds
Assigning of work schedules & ordering material
HVAC maintenance
Communicating with various vendors

Plumber
Big Frank's Air Conditioning, Heating & Plumbing  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2007 to December 2007

Repair and replace A.C. units, kitchen equipment, pumps, motors,
heaters, water heaters, and bathroom fixtures for commercial and residential properties.

Sr. Maintenance Mechanic
Big Frank's Air Conditioning, Heating & Plumbing  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2004 to March 2007

Repair, replace and maintain all HVAC equipment
Maintain & repair apartments by performing electrical, plumbing, & carpentry
Repair of industrial kitchen equipment as needed.

EDUCATION

Edison High School - Philadelphia, PA
1978

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS, QUALIFICATIONS AND ACHIEVEMENTS:
Maintenance Tech.
HVAC universal EPA certified and I'm working on my Class A
Engineer license, as well as being OSHA Certified. I have 9 years supervisory and 20
years as a maintenance mechanic as well as diverse experience in plumbing, painting,
carpentry, electrical, troubleshooting, kitchen and preventive maintenance repair.

