James Asbury

Cinnaminson, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/James-Asbury/7523e6b7c9caf182

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Mechanical Engineer
US Army Corps of Engineers  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2002 to Present

Currently working as Resident Project Engineer and Owners Representative for the repowering and repair of
the USACE large class hopper dredge WHEELER. Performing duties as a liaison between the owner and ships'
crew, ship yard, and various contractors, both shipyard subcontractors and Government furnished contractors.
Conducting  daily  inspections  and  interfacing  with  various  trades  on  the  ship  to  answer  questions,  provide
clarifications, write requests for quotes, and develop independent estimates for the Government for negotiating
change orders.

Supervising  the  installation  of  the  replacement  of  the  ships  main  propulsion  plant  and  dredging  power
generation plant with new Caterpillar C280-16 and C280-12 Marine engines, new reduction gears, and all new
auxiliary machinery, including new lube oil systems, fuel oil systems, cooling systems, starting air systems, oily
water separator system, new crank case ventilation systems for each of the ships seven engines, replacement
of the ships three ships service generator alternators, modifications to the bilge and ballast system supporting
the  new  engines,  installation  of  a  new  oily  water  separator,  and  a  complete  new  Integrated  Control  and
Monitoring System, incorporating signals and controls for all of the ships major equipment, and control of all
control valves in the engineering spaces.

Working  directly  with  and  in  support  of  the  ships'  Port  Engineers  on  repair  work  to  the  ship  including  the
replacement of the tail shafts, installing new propellers, replacement of the hydraulic power plant and all new
piping for the controllable pitch propeller systems, repairs of the hull and hopper plating and structure with
new steel to replace damaged and worn steel, installation of a new variable frequency drive for the ships' bow
thruster.

Other Major Refit Projects:

Onsite Project Engineer for the lengthening of the Dustpan Dredge HURLEY. Lengthened the dredge by 48 feet
from 300 feet to 348 feet, and extended the ships dredging ladder in order to increase the dredging depth from
40 to 75 feet. Supervised and advised the yard workers on the construction of each item. Provided technical
support as required to ensure the project was completed on time.

James H. Asbury IV, PE, NJ PE Lic # 04699500

Onsite Project Engineer for the installation of a new stern in the dustpan dredge JADWIN. Project included
onsite development of construction drawings for the integration of modern construction techniques into a 1933
era riveted hull construction vessel, installation of new kort nozzles and propellers, design and construction of
new steering and flanking rudders, and the modification of the rudder steering system in order to support the
new rudders. Supervised and advised the yard workers on the construction of each item. Provided technical
support as required to ensure the project was completed on time.

Designed a new propulsion engine and chiller cooling system, including the design and selection of all new
piping, pumps, heat exchangers, structural modifications to the hull. Developed the installation drawings for

required hull modifications, and piping system changes for the USACE flagship towboat M/V MISSISSIPPI.
Worked as the onsite project engineer supervising the installation of the new cooling systems and all required
structural and hull modifications in support of the installation on the M/V MISSISSIPPI.

Use AutoCAD extensively to develop designs and plans for the repair of existing vessels, ships piping and
mechanical systems, and concept designs for new vessels. Work with naval architects, structural engineers,
and electrical engineers while developing plans, to ensure all areas of the design are considered and included.

Perform  shipyard  site  surveys  and  visits  during  vessel  construction  or  repair  to  ensure  that  shipyard  are
complying with drawings and specifications on vessels under construction or repair.

Godwin Pumps of America - Applications Engineer
Bridgeport, NJ

Worked  as  an  Applications  Engineer  and  Project  Manager  for  a  leading  diesel  powered  centrifugal  pump
manufacturer and pump rental company.

Designed pumping systems based on customer requirements in order to maximize pumping efficiency and
minimize  cost  to  the  customer.  Pumping  system  design  included  selecting  the  correct  pump,  appropriate
size suction and discharge piping, fittings, and pipe routing at the job site for optimum pump performance.
Developed pumping system curves using Excel Spread sheets and performed hydraulic calculations using
the Hazen-Williams method. Pumping applications included sewer system bypass pumping systems, mine
dewatering, dewatering and tank cleaning applications for oil refineries and chemical plants, and permanently
installed emergency backup pumping systems.

Developed an entire new portable dewatering pump using a lobe type positive displacement pumpend for
well pointing applications. Designed the pumpset layout, including the placement of the diesel engine and
electric motor for diesel of electric applications. Designed the pump set using 3D AutoCAD to develop the
concept and design for approval by the chief engineer prior to building the pumpset. Performed pump tests at
the pump testing facility in order to develop pump curves for custom applications in order to meet customers'
requirements, for design verification, and to simulate the customers' system curve and pump operating points.

James H. Asbury IV, PE, NJ PE Lic # 04699500

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering, focus in Heat transfer, thermal fluid
sciences
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
1999 to 2004

SKILLS

Project Engineering, mechanical design, team building, project management

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Honors and Awards:

Cub Scout Leader Award of Merit - 2012 
Army Commanders Award for Civilian Service - 2007
Citation for Outstanding Customer Service - 2005
Federal Executive Board Excellence in Government Service, Non-Supervisory Rookie of the Year, Bronze
Medalist, 2003. 
Eagle Scout - 1988

