Jennifer Kesilman

Lawrenceville, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jennifer-Kesilman/ed21a8841b2bb9d8

Mechanical Engineer with experience in medical device industry seeking to further career in the field of product
development by making positive contributions to an organization with the use of educational background and
creative skills.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Mechanical Engineer (Contractor)
Abbott Point of Care  -  Princeton, NJ - November 2011 to Present

• Contributes to the manufacturing department's New Product Introduction team, which is responsible for the
manufacturing considerations of the latest iteration of a state-of-the-art mechanical/electrical medical device. 
• Develops assembly procedures for new product, including multiple internal assemblies, testing procedures,
and final assembly. Documents procedures using both written and visual instructions.
• Identifies equipment necessary for use in assembly procedures. Develops and documents requirements for
the custom equipment identified. 
• Performs formal verifications for equipment used in assembly and testing procedures.

Mechanical Engineer
Center for Advanced Energy Systems, Rutgers University  -  New Brunswick, NJ - February 2011 to
November 2011

• Conducted energy assessments for the New Jersey Program for Manufacturing Excellence, a service that
provides confidential and free energy assessments for manufacturing facilities throughout New Jersey.
• Worked as both a team leader and a team member to collaborate with facility owners to identify energy
savings opportunities. 
• Calculated potential energy savings from the team’s recommendations and presented these findings to the
facility owners in a formal report. 
• Involved in managing the Industrial Assessment Center, a program in which universities across the country
provide local manufactures with energy assessments, by reviewing reports for technical accuracy and creating
sample material for guidance.

Senior Project
Lafayette College  -  Easton, PA - September 2009 to March 2010

Worked in a team to create a human powered vehicle based on ASME's competition rules. Involved in all
aspects of design and manufacture of a ride-able two-person vehicle.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
Lafayette College - Easton, PA
2010

AWARDS

Academic Honors

• Anderson Mechanical Engineering Prize: Awarded to a student majoring in mechanical engineering for high
academic achievement and promise for excellence in his or her career. 2010
• Marquis Scholar: Lafayette College’s highest academic scholarship. 2006-2010
• Tau Beta Pi: National engineering honor society. 2009-2010
• Pi Mu Epsilon: National mathematics honor society. 2009-2010

CERTIFICATIONS

Engineer-In-Training

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

COMPUTER SKILLS
Microsoft  Word,  Excel,  PowerPoint,  Autodesk  Inventor,  SolidEdge,  Labview,  ANSYS,  PLC  programming,
Engineering Equation Solver

