Jeremy Barber

Senior Level Systems, Network, & Virtualization Engineer with Extensive Management
Experience

Langhorne, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jeremy-Barber/4d6f4a56fb9db892

Senior  Level  Information  Technology  Manager  with  extensive  IT  and  Project  Management  experience,
including  project  engineering,  and  client-server  support.  Comfortable  within  various  key  business  units
including Engineering, Marketing, Finance, Operations and Manufacturing in the global arena. Expertise in
aligning  software  and  hardware  projects  with  business  objectives  and  providing  results.  Proven  ability  to
understand  existing  business  processes  and  to  utilize  technology  to  achieve  increased  productivity.  Solid
background in designing, implementing and supporting technologies such as Windows Domain building (NT
to 2012 R2) Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), Electronic Medical Records (EMR), Online/Cloud document
systems,  Engineering  design  environments,  Exchange/  email  systems,  LAN/WAN,  wireless  technologies,
Security appliances, Network engineering, Load balancing, and multi-platform server implementations on both
physical and virtual environments. Well established understanding of working within various key business units
including maintaining effective relationships with both internal clients, external clients and vendors. Capable
of  working  with  all  levels  in  an  organization,  relating  IT  service  at  the  technical  and  non-technical  levels.
Current and dynamic understanding of industry advances and rapid adaptability to emerging technologies and
concepts. Additionally responsible for all budgeting, and procurement of hardware, software and maintenance
as well managed team of service desk techs, field engineers, NOC, Systems/Network engineers.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Senior Project & Escalation Engineer
IT Solutions Inc  -  Fort Washington, PA - November 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
Responsible  for  the  design  and  implementation  of  varied  client  projects.  Project  scopes  including  virtual
environment roll outs, server, network, SANs, environments encompassing many layers of technology and
platforms. Responsible for highest level escalation issues across corporate clients. Integral role in moving the
company into larger and more complex projects for significant clients.

Regional Sr. Systems/Network Engineer
International SOS  -  Trevose, PA - November 2014 to July 2015

Responsibilities
Special Projects Contractor, Rebuilt VMware server clusters for proper functionality, Manage\maintain 500+
server environment. Upgrade of fiber SAN fabric to EMC SAN. SAN VNX upgrade and expansion project.
Windows 2012 conversion project, converted servers/services from 2003/2008 to windows 2012. Installation
of vSphere 6.0 infrastructure at multiple Data Centers. Network functionality support and upgrades. Site to site
DR development based on vSphere replication and MPLS\VPN WAN. Avamar backup implementation multi-
site replication. VMware horizon implementation. Remote data center build up project. Daily trouble shooting
and service ticket handling.

Director of Technology
TeamLogicIt of Newtown PA  -  Newtown, PA - May 2013 to June 2014

Responsible  for  all  aspects  of  technology  implementation,  planning,  engineering  and  implementation.
Managing IT staff including service desk, NOC, Field Engineers, systems/network engineers. Responsible for

maintaining systems as well as project management and hands on implementation. Servicing both large and
small clients as the primary resource for the entire life cycle of data centers construction and maintenance both
onsite and remote. WAN implementations, complete network redesigns and new installations. Brought clients
up to current enterprise standard practices. Engineered environments to comply with regulatory specifications
such as PCI, HIPPA, FDA compliance standards.

Manager - Network and Infrastructure
Hadco Metal Trading Co - October 2012 to May 2013

Brought on to facilitate a current and best practice environment for rapidly growing company with 6 locations.
Designing and implementing Windows 2012 domain, Exchange 2010, Citrix Xenapp 6.5 cluster, VMware ESXI
environment  on  EMC  fiber  SAN.  New  Fiber  based  WAN  with  converged  services,  site  to  site  failover  and
disaster recovery scenarios. Migrated mobile users from blackberry to Exchange Active Synch.

Manager - Network and Technical Support
Philabundance  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2010 to October 2012

Converted  entire  data  center  from  standalone  servers  to  a  complete  VMware  environment.  Implemented
24  x7  total  uptime  scenarios  with  redundancy  and  generator.  Implemented  and  migrated  to  VMware  5.0.
Implemented  VMware  level  back  up  strategy  used  Backup  Exec  and  offsite  replication.  Domain  migration
from Windows 2003 to Windows 2008 R2 Domain. Exchange 2003 and 2007 migration to Exchange 2010.
Implemented  Del  Kace  systems  for  total  patch  management,  software  distribution  and  machine  imaging.
Windows  7  Migration  from  windows  XP  and  Windows  2000.  Client  side  security  and  environment  utilizing
Domain level down policies. Removed legacy point to point and VPN tunnel Wan for an MPLS cloud network.
Managed IT staff/services/ Projects and It directives; including Helpdesk and System Administration staff.

Sr. Network/Systems engineer - Manager of IT
Pennsylvania Crusher Corporation  -  Broomall, PA - 1995 to 2010

Broomall, PA (1995 - 2010)
Sr. Network Engineer/Systems Manager / Network Engineer / Corporate Network Administrator / Systems
Administrator / Information Technology Administrator / Product Engineer / CAD Manager

Rader Co  -  Alpharetta, GA - 2008 to January 2008

to Woodruff SC with 0% downtime to users:
* Migration of a Citrix farm from Rader domain to JeffreyRader Domain
* Migration of Encompix ERP system into JeffreyRader Windows 2003 Domain
* Migration of email from Lotus Notes to Exchange
* Migration of all user accounts, data and remain applications to existing 2003 domain

Special Projects Contractor, Rebuilt VMware
- 2003 to 2008

server  clusters  for  proper  functionality,  upgrade  of  fiber  SAN  fabric  to  EMC  SAN.  SAN  VNX  upgrade
and expansion project. Global datacenter operations and maintenance. Windows 2012 conversion project.
Converted all servers/services from 2003/2008 to windows 2012. Installation of vSphere 6.0 infrastructure at
Trevose Data Center. Network functionality support and upgrades.

IT support Staff
Pennsylvania Crusher corp  -  Woodruff, SC - September 1999 to September 1999

Purchase of Jeffrey Specialty Equipment by Pennsylvania Crusher Corp, Woodruff, SC. (September 1999)
* Following the removal of Jeffrey's existing IT staff, created plan to allow remote management of all IT functions
saving the company the cost of an onsite IT support Staff.

* Provided all technical support for entire network and all servers, desktops and users
* Set up and configured site-to-site VPN configuring all IP addresses and security gateways
* Built IBM servers utilizing Windows 2003 domain structure with full redundancy and Exchange email
* Migrated domain from Windows NT4.0 domain environment to Windows 2003 AD domain
* Configured Windows XP and Windows 7 Professional workstations within Domain
* Provide training on advanced features for end users on an as-needed basis
* Configured ArchServ Backup for all servers with full daily backups with disaster recovery

Purchase of Gundlach Equipment Corp. Belleville IL. - (March 2005)
* Prior to the purchase of the company, performed due diligence review and audits on IT resources. Upon
acquisition:
* Built new Windows 2003 Domain, Installed MS Exchange and all supporting systems, rebuilt and restored
ERP systems and all data files
* Complete roll-out of all new client computers
* Rebuilt LAN to Corporate standards and integrated the subnet into Corporate WAN
*  Centralized  Key  functions  at  Corporate  office  in  order  to  assume  all  responsibilities  of  IT  management
including Support, Helpdesk, Server support and management
* Implemented total disaster recovery plan
Purchase of Pennsylvania Crusher Corp. by K-Tron Corp. Pitman NJ. (July 2006)
*  With  the  purchase  of  Penn  Crusher  by  K-Tron,  all  size-reduction  companies  became  subject  to  Publicly
Traded company rules and auditing:
* Establishment of SOX compliance on all systems, including security policies on all financially related systems
* Creation of internal systems for documentation, security, and auditing with reviews and training for compliance
to end users
* Implementation of a centralized monitoring system utilizing Nagios and Active Experts Network monitoring
systems. SNMP monitoring of printers and LAN appliances, Server to Service level monitoring.
* Designed process for centralized instant messaging system utilizing Spark to increase communication across
the corporate environment
* Centralization of helpdesk functions and monitoring using TrackIT Enterprise
Purchase of Rader Companies by Pennsylvania Crusher Corp. Alpharetta GA. (September 2007)
* Full assessment of data and network infrastructure needs and Due diligence reviews
* Integration of remote sites at Vancouver, Montreal, and Stockholm into Size Reduction WAN
* IP address reassignments to eliminate conflicts
* Implementation of Bridgehead server at each location to ease network load tied into new domain.

EDUCATION

Bachelor in Electrical Engineering
Drexel University
1999 to 2006

Certificate in Computer integrated Manufacturing
Gloucester Counter Institute of Technology - Sewell, NJ
June 1993

