John Staggs

store, cashier - Walmart

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/John-Staggs/b42726d79ac7f4e8

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

store, cashier
Walmart  -  Wyncote, PA - May 2015 to Present

Temp
Empire Abrasives  -  Langhorne, PA - January 2015 to May 2015

with Morr-staffing
Class A Assembler, follow prints to assemble air-blast cabinets

Assembly Mechanic
Hyundai ROTEM  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2013 to December 2014

responsible for inspecting the mechanical and electrical assembly of passenger rail cars to FRA specifications..
That includes drilling, tapping, and wire termination according to blueprints. Layoff

Mechanic, Temp
Morr-Staffing - January 2013 to April 2013

position

Maintenance Mechanic- Building and production machine maintenance
Leonetti's Frozen Foods  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2012 to February 2013

Assembly Mechanic- Contract
PennEngineering & Manufacturing  -  Doylestown, PA - March 2012 to July 2012

position through Mor-Staffing, Inc
Worked  from  blueprints  and  electrical  schematics  to  assemble  2  sophisticated,  precision  production
machinery. Translated engineers design blueprints into a working system. Determined required modification
of components and used manual mills, lathes and grinders to make appropriate corrective changes. Wired
machines from 24Volt to 240Volt, three phase, proximity switches, etc. Assembled mechanical, hydraulic and
pneumatic systems, vacuum generators, etc.

Mechanic, Temp
Synerfac Technical Staffing - February 2012 to February 2012

position

Maintenance Mechanic, Welder
Active Radiator Company  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2010 to January 2012

Responsible for troubleshooting, maintaining and repair of all mechanical and electrical systems in the plant
to include: plasma cutters, brake presses, pumps, punch presses, fin machines, TIG and MIG welders, etc.
Electrical work included: PLC's; bending conduit; 480 Volt, single and three phase; variable frequency drives;
DC  drives;  micro  switches  and  low  voltage  DC  circuits;  etc.  Used  electrical  schematics  and  blueprints  to
do trouble shooting. Trouble shot and repaired electrical systems and controls (low voltage DC) up to 240

volt single and three phase. Trouble shot, repaired and maintained gearboxes, motors, conveyors, boxing
machines, heating systems, etc.
Mechanical work included: fabrication of work stations; setup and operated manual mills and lathes to fabricate
replacement parts; performed MIG/ TIG/ Stick welding; etc.

Sewing Machine Mechanic
Masley Gloves  -  Wilmington, DE - April 2009 to July 2010

operator Operate and repair single needle and double needle machines in the production of leather gloves.

Machine Set Up/ Operator in cold rooms
JBS Packerland Souderton  -  Souderton, PA - August 2002 to March 2009

Responsible  for  the  electro-mechanical  set  up,  change  over,  troubleshooting,  and  repair  of  high  speed
production machinery and packaging machinery used in manufacturing fresh meat items.

Merck Inc., North Wales, PA
Packaging Mechanic (Tableting, and sterile liquid machines)
Set-up, troubleshoot, repaired all tablet presses, high speed packaging machines, liquid fill machines, etc.
Responsible for all electro-mechanical systems and components, hydraulic/ pneumatic systems, etc

Ford Electronics, Worcester, PA
Mechanic/ Electronic Technician
Set-up, troubleshoot, and repaired robotic insertion and packaging machines. Used ladder logic to program
PLC controllers. Set up Cat diesel back-up generators. Change and repair DC and 3phase motors, pneumatics,
and hydraulic production line equipment Layoff.

Fisher Foods, Cleveland, Ohio - Meat dept. manager

Farm operator- Staggs family farm- Avon Illinois

EDUCATION

Bachelor's in Agricultural Engineering
University of Illinois - Urbana, IL

