John Calladine

Sr. Systems Engineer

Warminster, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/John-Calladine/f46dcdf333bd62a6

Sr. Electrical Engineer experienced in system design, project management and new product development
program  schedules  and  budgets;  Strong  problem  solving,  planning,  organization  skills;  Management
experience,  Expertise  in  ITAR  import  and  export  issues  technical  surveillance  systems,  domestic  and
international from design thru production; Held Department of Defense Secret Clearance and Department of
Justice Law Enforcement Security Clearance.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. Systems Engineer
DRS C3 & AVIATION COMPANY  -  Horsham, PA - 1996 to 2011

Developed system architecture and design from inception through production; Capture and analyze system
level  requirements;  decompose  verifiable  systems  requirements,  system  descriptions  (concept,  design,
test  and  installation).  Directed  technical  projects;  Collaborated  on  requirement  strategies;  and  design  and
integration issues; Conducted risk analysis; Interface with subcontractors, US Government customer and the
end user.

•  Developed  a  cost  effective  mobile  ground  and  coastal  border  surveillance  systems  that  exceeded  the
customers' requirements.
• Generated a Subsystem Specification document and Statement of Work for a dipping sonar shipboard power
inverter; delivered within budget and condensed schedule.
• Specified the architectural design for a sensor system, consisting of optics, radar and ground sensors, used
to detect intruders and smugglers crossing the border of a middle-eastern country.

Project Engineer
Define  baseline  program  schedule  and  budget;  Provide  technical  support;  Interface  with  internal  cross
functional departments, subcontractors, U.S. government and end customer.

• Supported an improve Homeland Defense surveillance System that increased detection of illegal aliens.
•  Developed  and  implemented  a  Sensor  Control  Situation  Awareness  IRAD  Prototype  program  while
maintaining  program  schedule  and  within  budget;  resulting  in  the  baseline  for  the  middle-eastern  Border
Surveillance Program sensor subsystem.
• Collaborated internal and external development teams to develop the core infrastructure used in the proposed
Border Security systems.
• Developed and demonstration a border surveillance system to the U.S. government resulting in a $50 million
contract to DRS.

Sr. Electrical Engineer
Development of new product communications equipment for military applications; consisting of Processor and
DSP based design & architecture, High speed serial interfaces, FPGA design and simulation. The product
development life cycle is defined as definition through environmental and electrical testing in manufacturing.
Modems and TDMs contained Altera and Xinx FGPAs, 6800 family Microprocessors and Texas Instrument
TMS320/ Motorola 56000 family DSPs.

• Designed High Speed Serial Tone Modem and Time Division Multiplexers used on U.S. and NATO ships
for daily ship to shore communications. Designed Tactical Link-11 modems and Data Terminals deployed on
government secure communications networks. The Data Terminals contained Motorola 68000 processors.
• Developed high speed Anti-Jam Modems resulting in a significant contract with Rockwell Collins

Held various Electrical Engineering positions in the following companies:
Leads and Northrup Co., Lansdale, PA,
Jerrold Corp. Horsham, PA.

EDUCATION

MS in Electrical Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA

BS in Electrical Engineering
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA

