John Moffa

Deptford, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/John-Moffa/a5c880740a562012

Experienced Manufacturing Professional with 10 years of acquired skills in many facets of manufacturing and
fabrication who has steadily advanced into leadership positions. Computer literate, customer oriented problem
solver with an ability to thrive in new situations. An excellent study with a desire for continuous personal growth.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Foreman
DC Fabricators  -  Florence, NJ - February 2008 to Present

 

the 

  daily 

  audits 

  and 

  schedule 

  activities 
  and 

 

  of 
the 
  document 

  Complete 

  Assembly  Departments. 

  Final
  Oversee 
 
  Work
    alongside  Engineers    and    Project    Management    to    help    develop    or    modify    work    procedures
  and tooling to implement efficient work flow. Advise on CBA and grievance related issues.  Accomplishments ●
Reduced average  Final  Assembly    time  by  over  300  hours ● Qualified  Crane  Operator/Rigger  developed
  detailed  lift  plans  for  various stages  of  build  operations ● Received    V.T.  training  for  root  and
  final  welds  according  to  applicable  MIL Standards ● Selected  By  Superiors  to  lead  and  develop
  procedures  and  tooling  for  one  of the  largest  repair  projects  in  company  history  and  was  able
  reduce  initial labor hours by over 79%

  Fabrication 
  corrective 

  actions. 

  and 

Erector
DC Fabricators  -  Florence, NJ - July 2008 to June 2013

Assemble and perform testing of U.S. Navy Submarine propulsion support equipment during the final stages
of fabrication. 
Systems include: lube oil, steam, and seawater. Main Condenser, Air Ejector Assembly, and Lube Oil Coolers.
Processes  include:  Hydrostatic  testing,  Helium  leak  testing,  Construction  operation  and  testing  of  flushing
systems, Hydraulic swaging, Mechanical tube expansion, Bundle Fabrication, component fit up and alignment.
Adhere to all MIL-STD and approved procedures and interpret Engineering Drawings and Blueprints. 
Complete routine parts inspections to assure quality and maintain tractability.
Utilize calibrated precision equipment to meet specified MFG. Terms, Navy and government specifications.
Conduct audits and document preparation in accordance with Quality Programs.
Work in Certified Clean room/ Controlled Area environments.

Mechanic/Fabricator
Engine Distributors, Inc - 2005 to 2008

Worked alongside engineers executing the majority of all fabrication done in the shop, including: welding, the
use of machining and steel working equipment. Fabricate as necessary, tooling, or modifications of existing
and future product lines.

•Supervise and aid in assembly process development.
•Construct  diesel  and  gasoline  engines.  Convert  engines  to  propane,  and  natural  gas.  Incorporate  control
panels, P.T.O’s, clutches, transmissions, hydraulics and D.C. motors for a variety of system requirements.
•The ability to plan for customer needs and technical requirements.
•Provide technical support and conduct corrective actions as needed. 
•Conduct electrical and mechanical problem solving for warranty and service repair work in accordance with
technical manuals.

•Comprehend engine data analysis.
•Pull parts from general supply and adjust purchase orders as necessary

Machinist Apprentice
C&P Carbide - 2002 to 2005

Became familiar with Machining equipment, process planning and inspection. 

•Executed parts production, lay out and routine parts and material inspection.
•Utilize Vertical/Horizontal Milling Machine, Lathe, Surface Grinder, O.D./I.D. Grinder, Radial Drill.
•Use  Comparator,  micrometers,  calipers,  veneers,  eye  loops,  surface  finish  gages  and  other  calibrated
precision equipment to insure product quality.
•Review Material and perform nondestructive testing as required.
•Interpret blue prints for technical specs and data utilization.
•Showed proficiency in Mathematics.
•Maintained grades in associated apprentice program

EDUCATION

Vocational in design and reading
Technical School
2002 to 2004

Sterling High School
1996 to 2000

SKILLS

Microsoft systems

