Jonathan Wharton

Senior Mechanical Engineer - Abbott Labretories Princeton, NJ

Ewing, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jonathan-Wharton/2b90814300e59fc6

• Mechanical Engineer with Masters Degree 11+ years experience
• Fluent in CAD software (NX, and Solidworks)
• Experienced in electro-mechanical part design (Plastic Molded, Sheet Metal, Machined)
• Experienced in design for optimal heat transfer
• Experienced with CFD software (Fluent Icepak)
• Experiences with setting up and troubleshooting manufacturing lines
• Experienced using statistical analysis to compile experimental results

WORK EXPERIENCE

Principal Mechanicl Engineer
Unilife Corp  -  York, PA - March 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
Lead engineer overseeing the design of a retractable needle syringe. Lead the team as the product transitioned
from R&D state to initial pilot line.

Senior Mechanical Engineer
Abbott Labritories  -  Princeton, NJ - November 2012 to March 2014

Accomplishments:
• Took a Piezo pump driven by a scissor lift from concept to manufacturing by:
Finding cost savings opportunities
Making assembly easier
Creating all solid models and 2D drawing packages
Working with outside vendors to obtain all components
• Collaborated with the science team to create a set of targets for initial calibration of instrument.
Eased burden on manufacturing by using the standard consumable
Extended usable life of target with more durable tray design
• Mechanical lead for cost saving strategies in parts factoring changes in design, material selection, and the
manufacturing process. 
• Partnered with science and optical teams to create custom fixtures using both FDM system and outside
machine shop.
• Mechanical lead to purchasing department coordinating part lead time with document release in order to
assure that mechanical components would arrive on schedule for production start.
• Collaboration with mechanical team to produce 2D drawings of all parts and assemblies in the instrument,
working with vendor to assure tolerances on drawing met vendors capability.

Senior Mechanical Engineer
LEXMARK INTERNATIONAL  -  Lexington, KY - June 2007 to November 2012

Accomplishments:
• Patents issued for:
Variable force wiper for inkjet printhead maintenance.
Multi-port vacuum canister for printhead priming.
• Collaborative development of Lexmark's first off carrier ink jet printer through the manufacturing process.

Assumed a lead role in collaboration with Asian development team.
Partnered  with  the  Chinese  manufacturing  line  for  parts  associated  with  the  fluidic  system  including
development of the final machine functional test.
Designed and controlled the internal specification document utilized by the firmware team to create the control
algorithms for general printhead nozzle health and extreme duty recovery requirements.
Collaboration with Manufacturing, Quality Assurance, Service, Product Safety, and Marketing to develop the
specification for an easily produced, reliable, maintainable, cost effective, and waste reduced ink jet printer
design.
Partnered with Lexmark’s ink chemistry team to qualify inks for hydrophobic membrane compatibility, including
designing  experiments,  programming  a  specialized  tester,  as  well  as  performing  testing  to  ensure  this
compatibility.
Designed a pressure regulator to protect product’s hydrophobic membranes from damage resulting from the
system pump operating pressure.
Designed, built and programmed (Labview) several specialized testers for Lexmark’s Chinese and Filipino
manufacturing  lines  to  ensure  quality  sub-assemblies  were  being  manufactured  at  each  stage  of  the
manufacturing process.

Thermal Engineer
LEXMARK INTERNATIONAL  -  Lexington, KY - December 2003 to June 2007

General Responsibilities:
• Worked with development engineers to ensure Inkjet and Laser printers met internal thermal qualification
requirements.
• Qualified electrical components for required longevity including verifying that certain components followed
the Arrhenius equation.
• Worked with development engineers to design printers with acceptable thermal characteristics..
•  Developed  a  flow  tube  and  software  (Visual  Basic)  to  determine  system  and  fan  curves,  allowing  the
comparison and optimization of the fans in our systems.
• Used Fluent's Icepak software to model air flow systems to help design features and flow paths to sufficiently
cool laser printers.
• Used Icepak to analyze the need for forced convection verse natural convection of electronic packages in
early stage designs.
• Worked with acoustics team to design fan algorithms that sufficiently cooled the system while maintain a
minimal acoustic impact to customer experience.

Graduate Researcher
UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AUSTIN  -  Austin, TX - June 2000 to May 2003

General Responsibilities:
•  Responsible  for  setting  up  maintaining  and  running  a  two  part  porous  media  burner  burning  a  premixed
propane/air blend.
• Setup and used a laser velocimetry set up with titanium dioxide seed particles to measure the velocity and
turbulence of the combustion products exiting the burner.
• Analyzed the data from the LDV setup and determined the effects of the pore diameter in the upstream media.

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering, Specializing in Thermal Fluid Systems
UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS - Austin, TX
2003

B.S. in Mechanical Engineering

TEXAS TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY - Lubbock, TX
1996 to 2000

SKILLS

3-D Modeling (NX Unigraphics, Teamcenter, I-DEAS), Fluent Icepak, MATLAB, Minitab, Labview, Extraview,
MS Office.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS

3-D Modeling (NX Unigraphics, Teamcenter, I-DEAS), Fluent Icepak, MATLAB, Minitab, Labview, Extraview,
MS Office.

