Joseph Duffy

Applications Engineer - Bender Inc

Springfield, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joseph-Duffy/f971cb8a7e7bcfc6

To obtain a full-time position that requires the application of skills learned in the electrical engineering discipline
including system modeling and design, electrical analysis, and general problem solving.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Applications Engineer
Bender Inc  -  Exton, PA - October 2013 to Present

Main responsibility was to provide technical support for both existing customers and prospective customers.
Handled sales inquiries such as sending price quotes, placing orders, and recommending devices based on
the characteristics of the customer's electrical system. Developed a strong familiarity with a wide range of
low voltage industrial applications. Secondary responsibility was the development of a new product line for
ground fault monitoring in high-resistance grounded systems. Worked in a small team of engineers to develop
methods and design systems for detecting and locating electrical ground faults using existing technology.

Electrical Systems Engineer Intern
Armstrong Aerospace  -  Itasca, IL - May 2012 to August 2012

Main responsibility was to act as a liaison between engineering and manufacturing departments. Scheduled
meetings between departments to provide an opportunity for engineers and manufacturers to clear up any
disconnects.  Created  standardized  templates  for  electrical  piece-part  and  wire  harness  drawings.  These
templates served to make electrical drawings more consistent, thus allowing the manufacturing department
to build electrical systems more efficiently. Developed a strong understanding of designing and interpreting
electrical schematics.

Sales Associate
St. Joseph's University Bookstore  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2011 to August 2011

Busser
Casey's Restaurant and Saloon  -  Drexel Hill, PA - June 2007 to August 2010

Teller
Casey's Restaurant and Saloon  -  Broomall, PA - July 2007 to May 2009

SKILLS

• Strong Mathematical Background • Modeling Engineering Systems
• Electrical Schematic Design and Analysis
• Transmission Line and Power Distribution Analysis
• Low and Medium Voltage Electrical Safety

• Microsoft Office Experience (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
• Team Leadership and Problem Solving

EDUCATION

BSEE in Electrical Engineering

University of Notre Dame - Notre Dame, IN
May 2013

