Kevin Quiveors

Highly competent degreed drafting and design professional with over 22 years
experience in the utility, civil and railroad industries.

Burlington, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kevin-Quiveors/c2465d4513f538bc

Highly competent degreed drafting and design professional with over 22 years experience in the utility, civil and
railroad industries. Adept in AutoCAD 2008 Civil 3D, Land Development Desktop and associated applications,
and  MicroStation  J.  Experience  includes  project  management,  training,  safety,  fieldwork  and  some  minor
survey. CompTIA A+ certified. Excellent organizational, interpersonal and written skills.

WORK EXPERIENCE

CAD/Designer
Consulting Engineer Services  -  Sewell, NJ - October 2010 to Present

Creation  of  Conceptual  Plans,  Land  Development  and  Construction  Packages.  Support  of  Civil  Engineers
in commercial and residential sites using AutoCAD 2006, Land Development Desktop, Cooper Photometric
Toolbox 32, Gardco Footprints and AutoTurn 7.0. Surface generation and Cut & Fill Analysis. Creation of Storm
Water  and  Sewer  Profiles.  Night  time  lighting  studies.  Site  Calculations  (bulk  requirements).  Site  analysis
(photographs, comparison of plans to site for accuracy, measurements, locate utilities and structures).

Senior CAD/Designer
Perks Division of Dresdner Robin  -  Pennsauken, NJ - November 2007 to June 2010

Creation of Conceptual Plans, Land Development and Construction Packages. Support of Civil Engineers in
commercial and residential sites using AutoCAD Civil 3D 2008. Surface generation and Cut & Fill Analysis.
Creation of Storm Water and Sewer Profiles. Site Calculations (bulk requirements). Site Analysis (photographs,
comparison of plans to site for accuracy, measurements, locate utilities and structures). Importing of survey
points to create point groups, manipulate and generate surfaces and create base plans. Survey instrument
man.

CAD/Designer
Consulting Engineer Services  -  Sewell, NJ - July 2006 to October 2007

Creation  of  Conceptual  Plans,  Land  Development  and  Construction  Packages.  Support  of  Civil  Engineers
in commercial and residential sites using AutoCAD 2006, Land Development Desktop, Cooper Photometric
Toolbox 32, Gardco Footprints and AutoTurn 7.0. Surface generation and Cut & Fill Analysis. Creation of Storm
Water  and  Sewer  Profiles.  Night  time  lighting  studies.  Site  Calculations  (bulk  requirements).  Site  analysis
(photographs, comparison of plans to site for accuracy, measurements, locate utilities and structures).

CAD/Designer
Bohler Engineering, Inc  -  Chalfont, PA - 2003 to 2006

Created  Conceptual,  Land  Development  and  Construction  Packages.  Created  Storm  Water  and  Sewer
Profiles and Roadway Cross-Sections. Supported Civil Engineers in multiple commercial and residential sites
using AutoCAD 2000 & 2004, AutoTurn 5, and Land Development Desktop. Site Calculations (pervious and
impervious coverage areas, drainage area calculations, parking calculations, etc.).

Draftsman
Garg Consulting Services, Inc  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - 1999 to 2003

Supported Civil Engineers, Track Designers and Construction Personnel on the Hudson-Bergen Light Rail
Transit System and the Meadows Maintenance Complex Project-124. Generated roadway and railroad cross-
sections and according to current and future designs using MicroStation and AutoCAD. Helped create and
maintain the arrangement of CAD files within the computer network. Created and compiled any necessary
design files needed for bid packages. Aided in several Bridge Inspections in Northern New Jersey for the
purpose of structural integrity.

144 Crossings Way
Lindenwold, NJ 08021-6195
Phone: (856) 627-9441 Cell: (267) 304-5661 E-mail: kevin.quiveors@gmail.com

Electric Facilities Drafter
PECO Energy Company  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1987 to 1998

Supported the electrical distribution and transmission professionals as well as technical and craft personnel
servicing southeastern Pennsylvania and northern Maryland. Provided drafting support to engineering and
construction vendors and contractors. Maintained distribution and transmission design files for entire service
area. Oversaw the development and management of large-scale conversions within the Philadelphia service
area.  Provided  support  during  Storm  Restoration  by  identifying  transmission  problems  in  the  field,  and
interacted with PECO Energy customers face to face. Interfaced with construction foreman, PJM dispatcher
and customer support personnel. Trained junior draftsmen in MicroStation, Passport, Customer Information
Systems and the Nodes System. Designed instruction manuals for the Nodes System.

EDUCATION

Camden County College
2010

Associate of Arts in Computer Aided Drafting Technology
Lamar University
1987

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Highly competent degreed drafting and design professional with over 22 years experience in the utility, civil and
railroad industries. Adept in AutoCAD 2008 Civil 3D, Land Development Desktop and associated applications,
and  MicroStation  J.  Experience  includes  project  management,  training,  safety,  fieldwork  and  some  minor
survey. CompTIA A+ certified. Excellent organizational, interpersonal and written skills.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Auto  2008  Civil  3D,  AutoCAD  2006,  Land  Development  Desktop,  AutoTurn  5,  Microstation  J,  Cooper
Photometric Toolbox 32, Gardco Footprints, Internet Capabilities, Microsoft Office Suite, Passport, Trouble
Management System, Customer Information System, Storm Restoration System (Screening), Nodes System

