Kirk Thompson

Electrical Engineer - The Boeing Company, Rotorcraft Division

Ridley Park, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kirk-Thompson/8b406dc4b2c96262

A technically challenging position as an Electrical Engineer where I can increase both my
breadth and depth of Engineering knowledge and experience, and contribute to the learning of
others.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Engineer
The Boeing Company, Rotorcraft Division  -  Ridley Park, PA - April 2003 to Present

Develop solutions to a wide range of technical problems applying motivation, process
development, and self-direction. Served as site focal for V-22 Suite of Integrated Radio
Frequency Countermeasures (SIRFC) cable testing. Functioned as Avionics Team liaison to production shop-
floor personnel.
Developed in-depth test procedure for testing aircraft antennas prior to installation,
leading to reduction of production removals. By testing the antennas in a controlled environment
prior to installation, antenna performance was verified and to meet or exceed manufacturer's
specification.

Electrical Specialist
Systra Consulting, Sept  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2002 to April 2003

Solved Engineering problems using both an individual and team oriented approach.
Functioned as project liaison and coordinator for New York City Metro-Transit Authority
(LIRR Project) for the installation of their 3rd rail alarm system. The alarm system incorporated
fiber-optic technology connected to Grand Central Station and terminated near the Connecticut
cross-over

Technical Skills
Thorough knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite including Microsoft Project
Engineering Applications: MathCAD, AutoCAD 2008/2010, Microsoft Visio
Kirk Thompson, BSEE, MSEE, EIT, BSN

Registered Nurse BSN
St Vincent Home Care  -  Erie, PA - August 1997 to May 2000

Responsibilities
Provided  one  on  one  Nursing  care  to  patients  in  their  home,  and  managed  other  interdisciplinary  (eg  PT)
appointments. Cases in included wound care, IV medication management, and patient teaching of all disease
processes. 

Accomplishments
As an adjunct, I led a team to develop education materials for our patients including medication 

Skills Used
IV therapy 
IV insertion technique 

Patient assessment
IV pump maintenance 
Wound care and stoma care
Diabetes teaching and management

Eagle Scout
Boy Scouts of America - 1987 to 1987

1987
emiguy@comcast.net
215-806-0135

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Electrical Engineering/Telecommunications
Widener University
September 2003 to May 2007

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering
Penn State University
May 2002

Bachelor of Science in Nursing
West Chester University
May 1995

