Linu Abraham

SENIOR METROLOGY TECHNICIAN - WUXI APPTEC

- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Linu-Abraham/2336cac582860d29

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Perform Liquid & Air Mapping on Incubators, Ultra Low Freezers, Temp/RH Chambers
Wuxi Apptec-  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2012 to Present

1. Authored validation DQ/IQ/PO/OQ protocol for new & GMP units. Defined setup for validation protocol on
GMP devices based on process specifications & manufacturer specifications.
2. Calibrate thermocouples (pre & post calibration) using kaye validator 2000 & HTR/LTR dry block for running
qualification, run reports from Kaye validator for executed projects, documents data.
3. Write discrepancy, observations for Qualifications on non-conformance events.
4. Perform Liquid & Air Mapping on Incubators, Ultra Low Freezers, Temp/RH Chambers, Wave bioteck
platform shakers.
5. Performed AKTA explorer validation protocol & UNICORN software validation on AKTA.
6. Troubleshoot electronics & electrical, PID component level issues.

SENIOR METROLOGY TECHNICIAN
WUXI APPTEC  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2011 to April 2012

1) Responsible to perform NIST traceable calibrations to process instruments and controls and assisting with
the installation and repair of equipment and systems throughout the facility.
2)  Responsible  for  coordinating  efficient  scheduling  of  calibration  and  validation  of  test  equipment  and
maintenance, throughout the facility and responsible for the inventory. Order repair/service parts from
manufacturer or vendor by creating purchase order.
3) Experience with setting up of instruments according to 21 CFR par 11 regulations.
4) Conduct failure analysis (OOT), root cause determination, and corrective action.
5) Written, reviewed and executed calibration and validation protocols in accordance to cGMP
procedures.
6) Reviewed and approved deviations, change control and investigations.
7) In-depth knowledge of facility and equipment, automated systems and database manager- Calibration
Manager 4.0, REES environmental system software.
8) Calibrate all GMP equipment's:
Incubators, water bath, freezers using Fluke Hart & dry block standard equipment for temperature,
Autoclaves, controlled rate freezers, -80°C Freezers, -15°C Freezers, liquid nitrogen Freezers (LN2)
storage units, thermometers, balances & portable scales calibration per USP procedures, air
Sampler, analog & digital timers, magnehelic and Pressure Transmitter gauges, all calibration
performed by using NIST traceable standards, performed preventive maintenance on nanopure
water.
9) Calibrated Dissolution Bath, Burst Pressure Tester, Tablet Hardness Tester.

• Validation Engineer:

SENIOR CALIBRATION TECHNICIAN
BROOKS INSTRUMENT LLC  -  Hatfield, PA - May 2008 to June 2011

1. Calibrate meters using different gasses & densities & reviews the accuracy error.
2. Performed calibration on SLA, Thermal Mass Flow meters:
a. Gauges, actuator, digital & Analog Mass flow as well as Pressure transducer Meters
b. GF Meters on High Flow, Low Flow, High Pressure, Low Pressure
c. Pretune Digital as well as Analog meters.
d. Quality Checks the meter for any discrepancies
e. Program the PCB with the control parameters & check their response timing graph.
3. Set up high flow machines on bell proven.

SKILLS

Crystal Reports (9 years), Blue Mountain Software (9 years), MS Office (10+ years)

