Lonko Tuma

Electrical Project Engineer - WICK FISHER WHITE Engineers

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Lonko-Tuma/77809f5891ac012d

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Project Engineer
WICK FISHER WHITE Engineers  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2013 to Present

PROJECT MANAGER FOR VERIZON WIRELESS MSC SITE ELECTRICAL POWER AUDIT
Developed  detailed  project  schedule  of  work,  deliverables  and  deadlines  in  coordination  with  client
requirements and availability and delegating tasks to team members. Scheduling and attending cross country
client meetings.
Studied  existing  site  engineering  drawings  including  incoming  utility  power,  substations,  generators,
switchgears,  overcurrent  protection  devices  and  DC  power  systems  and  evaluated  site  conditions  against
industry standards.
Worked with local site contractors to perform detailed site visits and visually evaluate the accuracy of existing
site electrical plans and equipment conditions.
Developed a more accurate Electrical Single Line diagram based on site audit.
Performed  SKM  short  circuit  and  coordination  studies  on  the  site  to  troubleshoot  all  potential  risks  to  site
operations.
Develop  detailed  reports  on  the  Electrical  power  operations  of  the  sites  with  recommendations  for  site
improvement.

PROJECT ENGINEER FOR AT&T CELL SITES AUDIT
Performed  surveys  of  AT&T  Cell  sites  to  evaluated  site  conditions,  network  equipment  performance  and
electrical power requirements in conjunction with subcontractors.
Performed site Electrical Power calculations and prepared site reports based on the survey.

VERIZON FIRE ALARM DESIGN
Developed an early warning fire alarm system using VESDA to protect Verizon switch equipment at central
office locations.
Collaborated  with  mechanical  and  provided  electrical  design  to  upgrade  the  HVAC  systems  at  various
locations.

Electrical Design Engineer
BALLINGER A.E  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2010 to April 2013

RUTGERS UNIVERSITY FOOD AND NUTRITION BUILDING (80,000 SQ. FT)
Performed initial Electrical Studies in developing a basis of design concept for the building.
Modeled  an  electrical  system  schematic  design  plan  based  on  preliminary  MEP  studies  and  client  needs,
including the required substation and generator sizes.
Designed  a  medium  voltage  feed  to  the  building  to  accommodate  existing  university  electrical  power  grid
supply.
Designed a backup power system using battery powered UPS, scheduling generator feeds to accommodate
life safety loads and emergency loads on different systems and sizing each ATS and distribution panel to the
required standards.
Worked with an out of office estimator to perform cost analysis and developing new design methods to reduce
project cost.

Participated in project lighting design using AGI32, developed an energy efficient project lighting control system
to utilize daylight savings and conducted a building energy analysis using ComCheck to ensure the project
met federal regulatory standards.
Sized  all  the  building  distribution  panels,  transformers,  receptacle  and  lighting  panels  with  the  required
protection design and feeder sizes on single line diagrams in CAD format.
Implemented electrical system design in SKM to determine short circuit ratings for the entire project.
Participated in lightening and grounding protection plan design.
Designed  a  floor  by  floor  electrical  layout  plan,  including  fire  protection,  telecommunications  and  security
devices for the project using REVIT and meeting NEC requirements. Participated in project telecom design.
Prepared  all  supplemental  project  electrical  design  drawings  including  required  drawing  details  and  panel
schedules.
Worked  with  the  project  MEP  design  team,  architectural  and  interior  design  to  provide  required  power
accessories and voltage levels to the different building equipment.

GEORGE WASHINTON UNIVERSITY SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING HALL (400, 000 SQ. FT)
Designed  and  developed  the  electrical  single  line  diagrams  using  a  pre-established  basis  of  design,
determining the size of the substation, generator, paralleling gear and automatic transfer switches.
Participated in the addition of a cogeneration and steam generator systems to the design and the effects to
the system stability.
Performed short circuit studies in SKM and selected appropriate circuit breakers to meet the design, conducted
studies in SKM to ensure selected breakers where selectively coordinated on both the emergency and normal
channels.
Participated in load shedding design and developed a sequencing chart to reflect the design.
Designed fire alarm systems for upgrade project, developing a fire matrix and sequencing chart, optimizing
the use of detection and notification technologies to fully meet NFPA requirements.
Designed power systems layout in REVIT with a focus on; the fire alarm system, provision of power as required
by the client's basis of design and applicable standards, cable routing with the use of conduits, junction boxes
and pull boxes as per the NEC requirements.
Participated in the project lighting design with a focus on the control schemes and zoning of the fixtures.
Designed the automatic sunlight shades for the project including a central and local control scheme.
Coordinated with building users, the architectural department and manufacturers to determine the electrical
requirements of different lab equipment and provide the plug types and cables sized and types required.
Participated in construction administration of the project including; preparing addendum documents, working
with the construction manager to provide answers to FRIs and implementing document changes.

UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND MEDICAL CENTER ELECTRICAL UPGRADE
Performed field surveys of existing medium voltage electrical equipment including conduit routes and bus duct
systems.
Analyzed existing equipment by age and capacity to determine the viability of reuse.
Redesigned the medium voltage power supply for the hospital for implementation in several phases to reduce
power outages to the hospital.

BOEING PLANT ELCTRICAL UPGRADE AND MEGADOOR DESIGN
Sized appropriate motors and power supply for megadoors at the Boeing Helicopter plant.
Designed  a  backup  generator  and  related  protection  systems  to  support  power  for  megadoors  and  other
relating equipment in the plant.
Studied existing electrical systems drawings and developed a reconstruction scheme to replace out of date
electrical equipment and related conduits.

UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA WISTAR INSTITUTE BUILDING
READING HOSPITAL (500, 000 SQ. FT.)

Electrical Project Engineer
UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA HEALTH SYSTEM PCAM BUILDING  -  Hancocks Bridge,
NJ - October 2009 to January 2010

Aided in performing similar tasks in medium voltage design, power floor plan layouts, lighting design, telecom
design, fire alarm analysis and general single line development.

PSEG NUCLEAR Hancocks Bridge, NJ
Electrical Project Engineer October 2009 to January 2010
Reviewed plant raceways and cable data with comparison to existing plant drawings in preparation for fire
protection analysis.
Examined plant systems and ran simulations for compliance with established fire protection regulations.

Electrical Engineering Intern
- March 2008 to September 2008

Develop and analyze load studies of all plant systems in the PSS/E and E-TAP software. Use load studies to
redesign station power consumption and avoid power shortages to vital equipment.
Identify power shortages and over current issues due to unregistered loads.
Troubleshoot  electrical  equipment  including  interconnecting  cable  lines,  transformers,  circuit  breakers  and
motors at various voltages levels from 420V to over 500KV, with primary focus on identifying and managing
common patterns in equipment failure.
Redesign plant systems in cases of equipment failure and implement changes in existing plant drawings using
AutoCAD.
Member of task force to analyze and replace aging equipment.
Participate in plant ring-bus re-design and implementation to eliminate 50% of station power outages.

Network Support Associate
Douala1.com - June 2003 to January 2005

Design and implement local area networks for smaller clients.
Monitor networks and assist clients in troubleshooting network problems.
Assist clients in developing appropriate web usage packages for their business needs.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering/Power Systems
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
August 2010

Master of Science in Electrical Engineering/Power Systems
Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA
June 2009

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SOFTWARE SKILLS

SKM  Power  Analysis,  E-TAP,  PSS/E,  Autocad,  Revit,  Matlab,  Microsoft  Office,  C#,  Java,  AIG32,  Visual,
ComCheck

SKILLS

Competent in project management and execution on both technical and administrative fronts. Excellent verbal
and written communication skills, with emphasis on technical writing.
Significant experience working successfully with different teams as a team member, leader and motivator.

