Malik Douglas

Building Engineer

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Malik-Douglas/d9c2928691432dd8

To obtain a position in a diverse and challenging environment that will give me an opportunity for advancement
in many areas.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Building Engineer
School District of Philadelphia  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2006 to September 2006

440 N. Broad Street
Philadelphia Pa., 19106

Duties: Provide daily technical direction and supervision of school based facilities service, which may consist of
assistant building engineers, custodial assistants and general cleaners. Assign cleaning responsibilities to the
building staff. These duties and assignments are based on the size of the building and total compliment of staff
as a building engineer. Perform preventive maintenance on equipment i.e., boilers, pumps, cooling towers,
univents, generators, compressors, air handlers, snow and lawn equipment. Perform specific maintenance
according to the work orders including basic electrical, plumbing and carpentry.
*Operating and maintaining all building systems
*Testing safety equipment i.e., fire alarm pull stations, fire extinguishers, etc.
*Responding and attending to tenant queries and work orders
*Receiving and signing off on deliveries, ordering supplies
*Supervisor of the custodial staff.

Custodian
School District of Philadelphia  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 1996 to September 2006

440 N. Broad Street
Philadelphia Pa., 19106

Duties: Dusting and cleaning classrooms, emptying trash cans, cleaning and maintaining bathrooms, removing
graffiti, sweeping steps, mopping, stripping, waxing and sealing floors; was also acting supervisor for one year.

EDUCATION

Community College of Philadelphia
September 1993 to September 1994

Simon Gratz High School
1993

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Qualifications
*Grade A Engineer Certified License and Valid Drivers License
*Strong background with fire tube, water tube, and cast iron sectional boiler systems

*Familiar with centrifugal, rotary screw, reciprocating, and absorption chillers
*Knowledgeable with one pipe, two pipe, and four pipe systems
*Received asbestos and universal waste training
*Efficient in Microsoft word and email
*Excellent people skills

