Marc Filipponi Jr

Maple Shade, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Marc-Filipponi-Jr/216112c7e9a912f9

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Fleet Manager/Shop Foreman/Diesel Mechanic
JJ Maloney Co  -  Pennsauekn - April 2007 to April 2016

Maintained  Fleet  DOT  compliance,  Scheduled  all  maintenance  A-Services,  B-Services,  C-Services,W-
Services, and Dot inspections.Prioritized repairs as needed to meet daily fleet requirements. Managed Parts
Inventory. Managed all Vender accounts, Implemented new maintenance procedures and practices, including
safety  standards.  Direct  communication  with  company  President.  In  charge  of  all  mechanic  scheduling.
Managed all work flow.Troubleshooting all mechanical repairs and daily Driver VIR's. Can perform the following
mechanical repairs: clutch jobs, flywheels, starters, brake Jobs (air brakes), wheel seals, brake chambers,
steering and suspension, drive-line repairs,fuel injectors, valve adjustments on some macks and cummins ,
electrical trouble shooting, exhaust manifolds,air valve repairs & replacement , air compressor rebuilds, seal
rebuild on steering boxes, auxiliary transmission rebuilds including high/low synchronizes ( mainly RTX, & RTO
9&10 speed trans) some rear rebuilds, lite body work and paint. All trailer repairs. * Mig Welding and fabrication.

Estimator Drafter
International Tower Suppy & B-Con Supply  -  Pennsauken, NJ - April 2005 to November 2011

Designed cell phone towers and Antenna Components for the Telecommunication Industry. Project managed
10K-100K Steel Fabrication projects. Scheduled Vender deliveries. Created work orders and PO's. Presented
Design  ideas  to  Corporate  companies  such  as  T-Mobile,  PSEG.  etc.  Assisted  in  inventory  management.
Estimated Project cost for customers. Blueprint reading and editing. Created Shop Drawings for welder and
fabricators. Summit design changes to Engineers. Troubleshoot design and fabrication problems. Created full
drawing and design proposals. Customer service and sales.

EDUCATION

Cad drafting in Cad Drafting
Camden County Technical School - Sicklerville, NJ
2001 to 2005

SKILLS

Management (5 years), Mig Welding (7 years), Cad Drafting and Design (10+ years)

CERTIFICATIONS

ASE Certified Med/Heavy Truck Tech
December 2020

