Mark Haley

Electrical Lab Technician - Exelon Power Labs

Wayne, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mark-Haley/a87e9d54a3ac4bf5

• Troubleshoot systems accurately and repair breakdowns quickly to maintain operating efficiency.
• Airframe and Power Plant FAA license
• Proven abilities in a wide range of technical skills, including:

Blue print/Diagram reading
Hydraulics/Pneumatics Systems
ACFT Build-Up Tear Down Ops.
Rotor Track and Balance
Proficient with Microsoft Office, Word Excel, Power point and various forms of maintenance programs

2000+ Flight Hrs. Non Rated Crew Exp. Ch-47D/F
3-phase electric generators and AC to DC rectifiers
AC & DC drives
CAST test completed through Exelon
Can read engineer drawings and prints
Experienced at leading a squad of technicians
through complex maintenance procedures
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Lab Technician
Exelon Power Labs  -  Coatesville, PA

Operates, tests, trouble shoots, calibrates, And Repairs High Voltage / Process electrical / Radiation detection
measuring  and  testing  equipment.  This  equipment  is  used  throughout  the  entire  Exelon  Corporation  on  a
daily basis. Mentored in and familiar with various devices to include multimeters, circuit breaker testers, high/
low ohm meters, multifunction calibrators, clamp-on meters, transformers, and various other high accuracy
electrical  laboratory  standards.  In  addition  to  the  electrical  lab  operations,  also  responsible  for  various
electrical/mechanical PQI functional testing of various pieces of equipment. I.E.

Ch-47 Maintenance Team Mechanic
L-3 Vertex Aerospace  -  Madison, MS - April 2011 to April 2012

Responsible  for  all  scheduled  and  unscheduled  maintenance  operations.  This  includes  all  aspects  of
troubleshooting  and  the  repair  of  the  Ch-47F  Chinook,  and  the  AH-64  Apache  in  the  Afghanistan  combat
zone. I.E. Phase, hourly Inspections, track and balancing, and corrosion control inspections. Duties included
the  maintenance  and  trouble  shooting  of  various  systems:  state  of  the  art  avionics,  hydraulic,  oil  cooling/
transportation/temperature  monitoring,  turbine  engines,  mechanical  transmissions,  drive  train  vibration/
mechanical, pneumatic pressure systems, and the use of various torque/force tools. In addition to maintenance
and troubleshooting, was appointed the assistant quality control inspector.

ACFT Maintenance Mechanic
Summit Aviation  -  Middletown, DE - 2010 to 2011

Responsible  for  the  build-up,  and  tear-down  operations  for  the  Boeing  Ch-47F  Completions/Flight  testing
operations. Responsible for customer specific modifications, and extensive flight testing procedures to Boeing
Standards. Interpreted and executed engineer drawings and blue prints to a high professional standard.

15U20 F CH-47 Maintenance Mechanic/Flight Engineer
U.S. Army - 2001 to 2010

Responsible for and proficient at all aspects of Ch-47D/F Operations. Responsible for flight operations, preflight
inspections, maintenance, troubleshooting, maintenance planning, large maintenance team supervision, and
procurement of parts for one CH-47D/F. Accrued 2000 hours of total flight experience to include 2 tours of duty.
Proficient at sling load operations, BAMBII Bucket Ops., Cargo handling, troop movements, and emergency
procedures. Completed various technical schools, and mentored by experts in the field. Graduated from the
Primary Leadership Development Course. Achieved the rank of sergeant, and was in charge of a crew of three
during combat flight operations.

EDUCATION

Bachelors of Science in Multi-disciplinary Sciences
Grantham University - Kansas City, KS
2015 to 2016

AA in Multi-disciplinary Sciences
Grantham University - Kansas City, KS
2014 to 2015

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: US Army
Rank: SGT E-5
15U20 F CH-47 Maintenance Mechanic/Flight Engineer
Responsible for and proficient at all aspects of Ch-47D/F Operations. Responsible for flight operations, preflight
inspections, maintenance, troubleshooting, maintenance planning, large maintenance team supervision, and
procurement of parts for one CH-47D/F. Accrued 2000 hours of total flight experience to include 2 tours of duty.
Proficient at sling load operations, BAMBII Bucket Ops., Cargo handling, troop movements, and emergency
procedures. Completed various technical schools, and mentored by experts in the field. Graduated from the
Primary Leadership Development Course. Achieved the rank of sergeant, and was in charge of a crew of three
during combat flight operations.

Commendations:
2 air medals

CERTIFICATIONS

FAA Airframe and Powerplant License
May 2010 to Present
Once a technician becomes a certificated mechanic,
he or she may perform or supervise the maintenance,
preventive maintenance, or alterations of an aircraft
or appliance (or part thereof) for which he or she is

rated.

