Mark Naser

Sr. Submarine Sail System Mechanical Engineer - DOD

Audubon, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mark-Naser/b526cbe02b27299b

Willing to relocate to: Fishers, IN - Fishers, IN
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. Submarine Sail System Mechanical Engineer
DOD  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1986 to Present

Advisor  to  Engineers:  provides  technical  directions  to  In-Service  Engineering  (ISE)  Imaging,  Electronic
Warfare and Radar, Hull, Mechanical and Electrical (HM&E) System Support Branch on a variety of projects,
such as Periscope, UMM, Radars, NAVID, NAVSAT, Snorkel, Antennas, HDR, in Research, Improvement,
Engineering Analysis, Design and Development, Validation, Configuration, Testing, Installation, Monitoring and
Security throughout the Branch and the Department. Proven experience in planning, coordinating, developing
and managing operating budget for Hull Mechanical & Electrical (HM&E) projects and programs. Provides
technical and program management for the development and integration of systems technology. Develops
plans  of  action  and  milestones  (POAMs),  to  identify  critical  paths  and  program  risks.  Evaluates  technical
reports and statistical data to develop budgets and make technical program decisions, and integrates new
system developments and techniques of machinery systems automation, systems engineering techniques and
maintenance methodology. Program manager/Lead Engineer for Universal Modular Mass (UMM)/Photonics
Mast SUBSAFE Team Leader, Mentor to Junior Engineers, Coop Students, and SEAP Students. SUBSAFE
Point-of-Contact for In-Service Engineering (ISE), Imaging, Electronic Warfare, and Radar Hull, Mechanical,
and Electrical (HM&E) Systems.
Key Accomplishments:
➢ A key team member in assessment of USS Miami fire damage in 2012.
➢ Played a major role in NAVSEA effort in repair and safe return of the USS Hartford from Bahrain after she
had been severely damaged during a collision with another ship.
➢ Design and development of Periscope Universal Hull Packing (PUHP), patent in process.
➢ Design and development of the new Periscope Finger Guard.
➢ Design and Development of the new E&E Adaptor Guide Shoes and Key.
➢ Design improvement - applied ceramic coating to hoist cylinder piston rod and a self-lubricating bearing to
the upper bushing of the periscope faring hoist cylinder to eliminate calcareous buildup, in order to prevent
seal failure and hydraulic fluid leakage.

➢ Key member of the All New Periscopes Team; provides technical advice to contractors, responsible for
SUBSAFE design review and gives recommendations to NAVSEA for final approval.
➢ Designed and developed a new Yoke Self-Lubrication Thrust Bearing to reduce maintenance and improve
reliability of the system.
➢ Redesigned the Cathodic protection for NAVSAT (England trident Ships) to prevent corrosion.
➢ Designed periscope Cathodic protection to reduce labor and material cost, and improve protection of the
equipment while reducing noise.
➢ Redesigned the trident periscope Fairing Mast to accommodate Beacon light in support of SSGN.
➢ Designed and improved the closure cap seal on Periscopes, multifunction antenna and snorkel.
➢ Designed the self-lubricating bearing in complete redesign of NAVID.

➢ Designed the self-lubricating thrust bearing for BPS 15/16 Radar, and managed a feasibility study for new
submarine radar, to replace BPS 15/16 Radar.
➢ Provided Engineering Support for repair of HDR Mast and installation of EW/Angler Antenna Closure Door
on several occasions.
➢ Designed a new Test Fixture to test and evaluate the Snorkel Mast Head Valve to assure proper performance
and cost reduction.
➢ Designed and developed a High Performance (High Capacity Hoist Cylinder) to provide additional capability
to the ship during submerged operations.
➢ Provided Engineering Advisory Support to the TRF Bangor; trained TRF to modify Trident Class Periscope
Fairing, per EC-13 in support of TZ-708 and TZ-726
➢ Provided Engineering Advisory Support to TRF Kings Bay in support of the first Type 8J Mod 3 installation
on board of the USS Tennessee (SSBN 734).
➢  Project  manager/Lead  engineer  for  Universal  Modular  Mast  (UMM),  in  preparing  specification  and  set
requirement criteria for UMM, land tested and evaluated the first UMM at New London, CT, and prepared for
on board of ship installation and at sea testing.
➢ Negotiated with Kollmorgen and Sperry Marine to provide adequate documentation in support of SUBSAFE
design review and evaluation.
➢ Audited several Naval Shipyards as one of the NAVSEA SUBSAFE Functional Auditors.
➢ Initiated a project to measure the noise level in Submarine Sails for establishing a noise criteria and base
line requirements for the sail equipment in SEAWOLF class in support of Photonics Mast.
➢ Designed and introduced new Dip Loop for Type 8B/J mod 3 Periscopes.
➢ Led the technical team in establishment of Naval Facilities as Periscope Outer Tube Repair Depot.

EDUCATION

Masters in Environmental Affairs and Public Management
Indiana University - Bloomington, IN

Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
University of Utah - Salt Lake City, UT

