Michael Franz

Electrician, Licensed Engineer - Shriners Hospital for Children

Mount Laurel, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Franz/cfa5e27153ea52f3

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrician, Licensed Engineer
Shriners Hospital for Children  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 1998 to Present

1 Maintenance & repair of all electrical circuits, equipment and appliances, along with fans, pumps, motors &
compressors, as well as installation within the hospital.
1 Maintenance & repair of all plumbing fixtures & systems, including heating, steam and condensate, oxygen,
vacuum and sewage pipes.
2 Perform all duties in accordance with hospital policies & procedures and safety guidelines.
3 Operation of METESYS (computerized energy management system).
4 Read and comprehend blueprints; calculate & requisition materials & supplies.
5 Ability to evaluate problems & effect solutions efficiently.

Operating Engineer
John F. Kennedy Memorial Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - December 1996 to June 1998

1 Responsibility for operation, maintenance & repair of stationary engines and mechanical equipment, such
as steam engines, compressors, generators, turbines, refrigeration units & steam boilers providing utilities to
the hospital.
1 Manually transferred switchgear in case of a power failure.
2 Responsibility for daily quality control readings of mechanical settings and chemical testing of boiler and
soft water supply.
3 Complied with all local, state & hospital regulations.
4 Ability to read and understand technical manuals pertaining to efficient use & maintenance of equipment.
5 Provided maintenance repair inside hospital at night and on weekends.

Lead Mechanic
- 1989 to 1996

1 Performed all duties of a senior mechanic.
1 Instructed & provided supervision to other mechanics & assistants.
2 Assisted department head with implementation of NEC-NFPA regulations and JCAHO standards.

Senior Mechanic
- 1985 to 1989

1  Maintained,  repaired  &  installed  plumbing  fixtures  &  systems  including  heating,  steam  and  condensate,
oxygen, vacuum & sewage pipes.
1 Maintained electrical circuits, equipment & appliances, fans, pumps, motors & compressors.
2 Performed routine carpentry & masonry duties.

SPECIAL LICENSES
1 Philadelphia "A"
1 Universal CFC Certification

