Michael Parrotta

Sr. Engineer, Technology Support - Bloom Energy

Bala-Cynwyd, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Parrotta/7c62b40e8183c735

To secure a stable career, close to home, as a Sr. Electrical Engineer with an established company with a
good working environment.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. Engineer, Technology Support
Bloom Energy  -  Sunnyvale, CA - March 2013 to Present

Responsibilities
SOFC (Solid Oxide Fuel Cell) equipment to include water systems, fuel systems, electrical/electronic systems,
and  fuel  cell  stacks.  Managing  all  Start-up/commissioning,  PMs  and  emergency  service  on  all  Bloom
supplied third party equipment. Working closely with customers, technical support and engineering to resolve
problems requiring escalation. Analyzing and Identifying root cause of system inefficiencies or failures and
driving corrective action. Daily monitoring of Bloom Energy systems. Reporting of key operational metrics to
primary control room in Sunnyvale Headquarters. Maintaining test equipment, calibration certification, safety
equipment and other job related materials. Assisting in pre-sales activity to complete complex site surveys
helping to create installation design plans. Assisting in system inspections.

Sr. Electrical Engineer
Gamesa Wind U.S.  -  Fairless Hills, PA - March 2010 to December 2012

• Gamesa Wind U.S., Fairless Hills, PA, Sr. Field Engineer, Electrical; Technology Dept: 3/10-12/12
Monitoring and reporting on power quality for 2 MW G8X, G9X Gamesa Wind Turbine Generators at various
North American utility owned wind farms. Took part in Forensic Investigation and Root Cause Analysis of
various motor, electrical systems failures in the field. Reporting on power performance of ABB transformer,
power converter, generator and slip ring. Analyzing SCADA and Data Acquisition System data from various
electrical or mechanical monitoring campaigns. Custom design and installation of live on-site Data Acquisition
hardware and software configurations of various WTG PLC sensor inputs. Follow-up and technical analysis
of electro-mechanical vendor part replacements in the U.S. Electrical inspections of wind turbines at sites for
performance issues as required. Assisted wind farm site supervisors on project sites for any technical issues
in the process of Operation and Maintenance or Commissioning.

Electrical Engineer
Network Systems Engineering Corporation  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - August 2009 to March 2010

Designing  fiber  optic  routing,  power  and  mechanical  control  wiring  for  FIR,  PTZ  and  Stationary  video
surveillance cameras for two nuclear power station projects in the US.

Electrical Engineer
GBS Group  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2008 to July 2009

Supporting data acquisition, system design, and control systems installation for the U.S. Navy (new Navy ships
are fully stress-tested and monitored using electronic sensors in field test scenarios.)

Quality Assurance Team Lead
Teksystems  -  Plymouth Meeting, PA - May 2008 to November 2008

Independently  managing  a  GE  CCTV  and  SymSeries/Legacy  video  recording  surveillance  hardware
engineering  group.  Leading  team  of  2  quality  assurance  engineers  and  reported  findings  to  GE  security
program management.

Hardware Test Engineer
DRS Power and Control Systems  -  Danbury, CT - March 2007 to March 2008

Creating, testing and debugging the digital logic of Functional Interconnection Diagrams using a LabVIEW
test station. Writing status reports and procedural documentation. (Lungman Nuclear Power Plant, Yenliao,
Taiwan.)

Civil Engineer- Telecoms
Dewberry-Goodkind Inc  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - January 2007 to February 2007

Designing cell sites and zoning approval of telecommunications sites, including: design of grading, site access,
site improvements, and utilities. Visiting sites, preparing site plans, zoning analysis,

Construction Coordinator
Bechtel Telecoms  -  Hackensack, NJ - April 2004 to December 2006

AT&T Wireless/Cingular NYC, Providing Contractor field planning, coordination and oversight in support of
the Cingular NYC E-911 Project. Managing the schedule and progress database. Monitoring work progress
for new 3G construction of assigned cell site build out. Coordinating communications and action requirements
with general contractors, and suppliers.

'Big Dig' Field Test Engineer
Honeywell  -  South Boston, MA - January 2003 to April 2004

Supporting  start-up/installation  of  hardware  needed  for  field/intermediate  testing,  software  and  systems
engineering of Ted Williams Tunnel for the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority.

RF Diagnostics Engineer
Motorola - March 2001 to November 2002

Testing  component  and  system  level  -  Embedded  Firmware  Testing  for  Cable  Modem  Networking  and
Multiplexing Hardware (MIPS processors).

Software/Hardware Test Engineer
TruePosition Inc  -  King of Prussia, PA - April 1999 to February 2001

Defining and executing test plans for large, complex systems involving real-time E-911 embedded software,
databases and APIs.

EDUCATION

BS in Electrical Engineering
Temple University - Philadelphia, PA
2007

BS in Computer Science
University of Pittsburgh - Pittsburgh, PA
2000

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Qualifications:
B.S. in Electrical Engineering, F.E., 14 years of professional experience. most as an independent contractor,
MSEE in Power Systems expected in January 2016, EE P.E. (PA) (expected)

Skills:
RF/Telecommunications  Engineering,  Scripting,  Programming  Languages:  C/C++,  Visual  Basic,  AutoCAD,
Matlab, LabVIEW, Residential and Industrial Electrical Wiring and Power Distribution, Load Calculations, Short
Circuit Analysis, General Electrical Technician and Construction Work

Volunteer:
Professional Member, Engineers Without Borders - Mid-Atlantic Professionals Philippines Water Sanitation/
Deep  Well  design  and  fundraising  project  team  (09-)  Habitat  for  Humanity  of  Montgomery  County  (03-)
Hobbies: Play Guitar, Soccer, Reading.

