Michael Whitehead

Application Engineer - Borrego Solar Systems

Phoenixville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Whitehead/b7aef3f1f229e822

Solar Applications Engineer (NABCEP Certified Installer)

WORK EXPERIENCE

Application Engineer
Borrego Solar Systems  -  Lowell, MA - 2011 to Present

011-
o  Engineering  support,  electrical  and  mechanical  design,  project  assessment,  cost  estimation,  production
modeling and analysis for commercial and utility-scale commercial solar photovoltaic projects.

Solar Design Engineer and Project Manager
Mainline Solar  -  West Chester, PA - 2010 to 2011

Electrical and mechanical design and project management solar systems
Aztec Solar Power  -  Wayne, PA - 2009 to 2010

o  Design  and  Project  Management  of  a  large  commercial  and  residential  solar  projects.  Electrical  and
mechanical design and project management solar systems. AutoCAD design, permitting, and sales support
for large commercial and residential solar photovoltaic systems.
Aztec Solar Power, Wayne, PA
Solar Design and Engineering Manager 2009-2010

Managing Partner/Entrepreneur
Kimberton Properties  -  Kimberton, PA - 2006 to 2008

o Responsible for all aspects of construction management, marketing, finance, regulatory requirements, and
customer relations

Photonics Engineering Software Project Manager and Architect
Ciena Corporation  -  Linthicum, MD - 1997 to 2007

o  Managed  numerous  critical  development  projects  for  thin-film  optical  filter  and  fiber  optic  photonic
components used for dense wave division multiplexing network devices.
o  Managed  development  of  optical  networking  hardware  interface  and  design  software  and  network
management and provisioning systems.

Senior Software Engineer
Arinc, Inc  -  Annapolis, MD - 1992 to 1997

o  Developed  aircraft  data  link  air-ground  communications  systems  and  FAA  air  traffic  control  appliicatons
(1992-94 & 1996-97)

Teaching and Public Speaking
Michael has served as public speaker and trainer on Solar Photovoltaics, Solar Energy and Renewable Energy
economics. He has taught at the college level and as a corporate trainer. Michael has many years experience
in a mentoring capacity for young engineers and interns.

Passionate  about  solar  and  renewable  energy  and  electrical  installation  and  design.  Creative  and  critical
thinker. Strong analytical and communication skills. Team player. Great customer relations skills.

EDUCATION

Advanced Post Master's Certificate in Computer Science
Johns Hopkins University, Whiting School of Engineering - Baltimore, MD
2000 to 2002

Master of Science in Computer Science
Johns Hopkins University

Master of Arts in Economics
University of Texas at Austin - Austin, TX

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
University of Maryland

Electrical Certificate of Competency
Delaware County Community College - Media, PA

