Mitchell Kricun

AV Technician Integrator/Recording Engineer/Live Sound Engineer/AV Rack Builder

Glassboro, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mitchell-Kricun/0269a055dbf12506

WORK EXPERIENCE

AV Smart System Integrator/Installer
VU World - 2012 to Present

- Integraton and Installation of AV Smart Systems and Home Control (Shades, Lighting), Climate Control, A/
V Control, Remote Access Security. Savant, Connect 4, Sonos
Working in New Construction sites all over the Philadelphia area exhibiting proficiency with most hand tools
and  power  tools.  Reading  blueprints,  soldering  and  hand  termination  of  most  connectors,  basic  electrical
wiring,basic networking, inventory, supply ordering, programming, customer relations and driving box trucks,
in a physically demanding environment, all with a great attitude, are part of my daily duties.

Recording Engineer/Live Sound Engineer/AV Technician/AV Rack Builder
The Warehouse/Sonic Recording/Arsenal Sound/EBE Ent./ MIT - 1991 to Present

- The Warehouse-Sonic Recording/ The Lab 
Recording, editing, mixing audio using state of the art analog and digital tools in order to recreate audio in the
best possible manner or to the specifications of the clients personal vision.
- EBE - Creating, setting up, running and striking complex live sound configurations. Sound Tech for Eddie
Bruce Orchestra for 6 years and Barcelona (12 Piece Band) for 4 years.
- Media Innovations Technology - Working as an A1 on numerous medical conferences. Experience with Audio
setup, screens, pipe and drape, basic projector skills, wiring, breakouts. From the latest digital technologies
to sitting outside rooms recording presentations onto a Marantz tape recorder for duplication (Hi Tech!).
- Arsenal Sound - 2010-2011- A/V rack building and wiring for dozens of the A/V racks (Crestron, BSS, etc.)
in use in lounges and restaurants at the Revel Casino. Audio system install at Ivan Kane's Royal Jelly (Revel).
Proficient at reading blueprints, wiring and soldering of many types of terminations.

Extensive  knowledge  of  the  science  of  sound  as  well  as  the  inner  workings  of  electronics  relating  to  the
reproduction of all things audio.
Extensive mechanical knowledge of computers as well as proficiency with industry standard software, (Logic,
Pro Tools, Digital Performer, Final Cut Pro, Photoshop, Dreamweaver, etc.) Basic proficiency in Microsoft
Office, web design and networking tools.
Working with clients in bringing conceptual ideas to reality, while meeting critical deadlines and skillfully working
under pressure.

Independent Contractor/Courier
Route Messenger of PA  -  Philadelphia, PA - 1993 to 2010

Coordinating, routing and delivery of time sensitive materials, consisting mainly of company payroll, pick up
and delivery of medical specimens and medical supplies.
Keeping thorough records of deliveries and daily activities
Providing training of new employees

Adjunct Professor
Camden County College - 2006 to 2006

Developed and created syllabus for Audio Engineering and Production Program.

Taught a class of 20 students, created labs, creation and grading of testing.
Responsible for equipment purchases relating to lab as well as setting up the lab, which is still in use today.

Grocery Manager/Frozen Food Manager
Thriftway Supermarket  -  Laurel Springs, NJ - 1983 to 1993

Ordering and stocking of all grocery and frozen food merchandise in a multi-million dollar (gross) per week
facility.
Responsible for warehouse organization and inventory control.
Responsible  for  ensuring  a  quality  shopping  experience  utilizing  outstanding  customer  service  skills  and
managing a department consisting of 8-10 people.

EDUCATION

Diploma
Highland Regional High School - Blackwood, NJ

Berklee College of Music - Boston, MA

LINKS

http://www.mitchkricun.com

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Highly  self-motivated  and  hard  working,  reliable,  creative,  energetic  professional,  dedicated  to  providing
outstanding service and "can do" attitude. Effective communicator, able to successfully manage large groups
as  well  as  being  an  easy  to  get  along  with,  supportive  team  player.  Background  has  provided  a  unique
combination of mechanical skills, problem solving ability and leadership. Born with a very thick skin.

