Patrick Lyons

Electrical Engineer / LabVIEW Developer

Oreland, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Patrick-Lyons/ced06c8d1c20b4e4

I have experience and understanding of engineering principles necessary to design and apply a variety of
technologies in consumer/industrial devices or systems. From intelligent automation software architecture,
retro-fitting CNC machines, PCB design, to rebuilding motorcycle engines, I have chosen my career path out
of a passion for complex engineered systems, their design, implementation, and overall operation.

In my career as an engineer, I intend to never stop learning more efficient and effective ways to participate
in creative solutions to problems of interest. From the simple and mundane to the complex and chaotic, there
is always an opportunity to learn something new.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical Engineer/LabVIEW Developer
In-Phase Technologies  -  Bordentown, NJ - September 2011 to Present

Responsibilities
Facilitate  the  design,  development,  deployment,  and  maintenance  of  automated  test  systems  utilizing
embedded/industrial platforms including networking, programming, user interface design, and remote static/
dynamic control.

Engineer Team Leader
Radwell International  -  Lumberton, NJ - 2009 to 2011

Responsible for managing a team of technicians to troubleshooting and repair of industrial electronic devices
including PLCs, induction & servo motor drives, and various PCB based control system devices.

Manufacturing Engineer
Boehringer Laboratories - 2009 to 2009

responsible for maintenance and repair of various
production machines including ultrasonic welders, heat presses/stamps, etc.

Engineering Technician (GS-0802-4)
NSWCCD Code 966 (Naval Surface Warfare Center Carderock Division  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2008 to
2009

Responsible for testing and troubleshooting
Nav/Control systems, as well as PCB design and construction of developmental projects.

Research Assistant
Temple University  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2008 to 2008

designing/prototyping a 2DoF Robotic arm utilizing McKibben
actuators. Responsible for product research, construction, and testing.

Research Assistant
Temple University  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2007 to 2008

Under Dr. Li Bai designing a COTS based Contactless SmartCard Ticketing system for SEPTA. Responsible
for Hardware troubleshooting, product research, and integration.

Quality Assurance Tester
Aviom, Inc.  -  West Chester, PA - 2006 to 2006

Responsible for testing alpha products for networking issues, also gained experience in SMD soldering and
product construction

EDUCATION

B.S. in Electrical Engineering
Temple University College of Engineering
2003 to 2008

Certificate in Electronics Engineering Technology
Eastern Technical School - Willow Grove, PA
2002 to 2003

SKILLS

Resume in PDF format available upon request!

LINKS

https://www.linkedin.com/in/plyons215

PUBLICATIONS

Open  architecture  for  contactless  smartcard-based  portable  electronic  payment
systems.
http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/freeabs_all.jsp?arnumber=4626497
Li Bai, Gerald Kane, and Patrick Lyons. In Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Automation
Science and Engineering (CASE), 23-26th August 2008.

