Robert Ours

Quality Assurance Test Engineer

Langhorne, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Robert-Ours/5d993d5d4b376ad9

Proven track record of working well in a group or independently while solving complex problems and improving
test processes. 13+ years experience as a Quality Assurance, Design Verification and System Integration &
Test Engineer. Primary goal includes functional, performance & regression testing during all phases of product
development. Proficient in an Agile software development process & Six-Sigma trained.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Quality Assurance Test Engineer
ARRIS, INC. (Formerly Motorola Mobility)  -  Horsham, PA - 2013 to 2016

Horsham, PA 2008 - 2016
Telecommunications equipment manufacturer of cable, high-speed data, video and telephony systems.

Quality Assurance Test Engineer. Performed system level installation and testing of the ARRIS DAC-6000,
RADD and CASMR products in preparation for field release.
Accelerated testing by reviewing New Feature Design documentation to develop and execute test cases to
verify the product meets or exceeds the new feature requirements.
Improved testing by collaborating with design engineers to help identify issues found during development.
Fix verified previous failures as new releases were available resulting in a solid product release.
Performed operating system and application installation and upgrades during various test phases.

Design Verification and Test Engineer
Motorola Mobility, INC.  -  Horsham, PA - 2008 to 2013

Collaborated with design engineers to verify the Switch Digital Video (SDV) and Global Session Resource
Manager (GSRM) products meet or exceed the design specifications.
Reviewed Product Functional Design Specification and test environment documentation.
Developed and executed detailed test cases and test procedures to validate the products.
Characterized critical failures during testing and worked with the developers to ensure a correct resolution.
Fix verified previous failures as new releases were available resulting in a solid development release.
Performed operating system and application installation/upgrades to validate hardware platforms.

Senior Engineer, Video Software Engineering, NE&TO
COMCAST CABLE  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2006 to 2008

Philadelphia, PA 2004 - 2008
Provider of digital cable, high-speed data, video and telephony systems.

Senior Engineer, Video Software Engineering, NE&TO. Project Management of the Motorola firmware video
roadmap  and  Comcast  customer  feature  requests  to  ensure  all  Comcast  initiatives  are  supported  in  the
firmware.
Lead  Project  Engineer  for  development,  test  and  release  of  Motorola  firmware  running  on  the  Motorola
separable security DCH STB's for field deployment.
Lead Engineer in prioritizing vendor bug fixes to ensure solid field releases.
Engineering point of contact managing joint ventures, third party vendors and customer feature requests.

Established strong vendor relationships during various product development initiatives.

Robert J. Ours robo43@comcast.net

Digital Video Development & Support Engineer
COMCAST CABLE - 2004 to 2006

Performed  system  level  testing  of  Motorola  headend  devices,  two-way  cable  systems  and  GuideWorks
Interactive Program Guides with special focus on load, stress, and reliability testing.
Lead Test Engineer for development/test/release of the Macrovision analog copy protection using SeaChange
and ConCurrent VOD systems using Motorola STB's resulting in a strong anti-copy release.
Setup and demonstrated various demos for product evaluation and training.
Provided field support and problem solutions for new products entering the field.
Authored, maintained and executed various test plans for product testing resulting in solid product release.
Maintained in-house Motorola digital cable headends and DAC6000 for in-house testing.
Maintained & managed the labs fiber optic video services distribution from Columbus Boulevard.

Systems Integration & Test Engineer
TVGateway, LLC.  -  Trevose, PA - 2002 to 2004

Performed system-level testing of two-way interactiveTV and one-way information broadcast cable.
Maintained in-house Motorola digital cable headends and DAC6000 controller to ensure proper operation.
Performed system level testing of the TVGateway Interactive Program Guide to validate a solid product.
Created/Executed automated test scripts for GuideWorks interactive program guide testing (TestQuest).

Associate Hardware Engineer
WORLDGATE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. - 2000 to 2002

Responsible for development support of hardware engineers during all phases of RF equipment design and
release.
Performed FCC part 15 and EMI qualification testing for product certification and compliance.
Qualified second source parts and equipment for production builds of RF headend equipment.
BOM maintenance during development and release of pre-production cable headend equipment.

Product Development Technician
WORLDGATE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. - 1998 to 2000

Support of electrical, software and mechanical engineers during RF product development of Scientific Atlanta
and Motorola cable platforms.
Built, tested and maintained pre-production equipment and circuit boards during development.
Purchasing, management and inventory control of electronic components and equipment.
Operated Motorola ACC4000 and Scientific Atlanta system manager analog controllers, prom programmers,
signal  generators,  audio  and  spectrum  analyzers,  PAL  and  NTSC  waveform  monitors,  analog  and  digital
oscilloscopes and SMD rework equipment.

EDUCATION

accounting I
Bucks County Community College - Newtown, PA

Associates in Technology
Pennco Technical Institute - Bristol, PA

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/in/robertours

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

PRIMARY SKILLS

Improved Test Processes Team Building Excellent Communicational Skills
Database Installation/Upgrades Application Installation/Upgrades Project Management
Automated Testing (TestQuest) Test Case Development/Execution Detailed Test Reporting

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Os: SUSE and CentOS/Linux operating systems, Windows.
Software: SQL and PostgreSQL databases, Java and Web based applications, MS Office, Wireshark, JIRA
and Clarify bug tracking processes, C, C++ software based automated test tools (TestQuest).

