Robert Pittman

Experienced Program Manager, Systems Engineer, Business Developer

Newtown Square, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Robert-Pittman/432edbbcfca26c78

Skilled Program Manager and Project/Systems Engineer with new business development, proposal, technical
and  personnel  management  expertise  across  Government  and  Commercial  Domains.  Complete  lifecycle
project experience with cross functional teams across time zones and cultures. Expertise spans customer
requirements analysis through system architecture, design, implementation, test and deployment. Trained in
Lean, Six Sigma, Quality and statistical methods. Driven, organized, analytical and process oriented. Seeking
to work with motivated personnel to solve complex problems.
Willing to relocate to: Naples, FL - Philadelphia, PA
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

PhD
Binghamton University  -  Binghamton, NY - August 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
Completed PhD in Industrial and Systems Engineering May 9, 2016. Seeking return to full-time employment
July 2016.

Program Manager
Innovation Associates  -  Johnson City, NY - December 2012 to August 2015

Program Manager for multiple pharmacy automation projects in Mexico City as well as multiple commercial
United  States  customers.  Interpret  external  customer  requirements  and  work  with  internal  engineering,
manufacturing and customer service teams to successfully deploy solutions to end customers. Overall owner
for customer management, schedule, cost and project performance.

Systems Engineer / Project Engineer Senior Staff
Lockheed Martin  -  Owego, NY - 2008 to 2012

Project Engineer Senior Staff
Lockheed Martin - 2008 to 2012

Senior level engineering leadership and execution on a wide range of new business and technical activities:
• Developed new business proposals for helicopter foreign military sales to Qatar, Korea, Denmark.
• Requirements owner for Taiwan Navy P-3C aircraft trainer project. Analyzed requirements, developed system
specification in DOORS tool; developed system architecture, specified system design and interface control
documentation and implementation.
• Worked with US Navy on airborne Joint Precision and Location System program to translate Key Performance
Indicators (KPI) to a set of key Technical Performance Measures (TPM).
•  Developed  new  Systems  Engineering  Plan  (SEMP)  and  Software  Management  Plan  (SMP)  that  guided
system design, interfaces and implementation for US Air Force B-2 Bomber technology upgrade. Consulted on
new mission planning support tool in JAVA language, replacing multiple tools running on obsolete platforms.
• Developed A-10 fighter aircraft strategic Avionics System Technology Roadmap and collaborated with senior
US Air Force management and technical personnel to recommend technology refreshes with cost estimates
of capability and sustainment upgrades through Fiscal Year 2030.

• Lead Engineer for US Air Force A-10 project web-based data management, technical data and interfaces
reference  development  and  Integrated  Master  Schedule  (IMS)  initiatives.  Key  recommendation  was  to
organize multiple program schedules into one synchronized and organized master schedule.
•  Industry  Coordinator,  Aircraft  System  Requirements  Review  Conference  (ASRRC),  attended  by  500+
Government, Contractor and Vendor Personnel.

Project Engineer Senior Staff
Lockheed Martin  -  Owego, NY - 2004 to 2008

Managed master technical, programmatic and contractual requirements for next-gen. Presidential Helicopter.
Primary  requirements  management  interface  to  US  Navy  customer,  Agusta  Westland  Bell  Partner  and
Lockheed Martin team.
• Led interdisciplinary team of engineers, programmers and administrative personnel in development of project
requirements, requirements management system architecture and use of DOORS requirements management
tool across multiple US and European physical locations and customers.. Personally trained 100+ personnel
in system use.

IT Architect and Systems Engineer
IBM Global Services Consulting  -  Endicott, NY - June 2003 to June 2004

Lead  engineer  for  integrated  order  status  (IOS)  system  internal  e-Business  initiative.  Owner  of  internal
customer  relationship;  owner  of  requirements  analysis,  requirements  allocation  and  conduct  of  technical
reviews.

Worked  with  Toyota  North  America  headquarters,  Torrance,  CA  on  corporate  Application  Portfolio
Management  (APM).  Assessed  existing  application  portfolio  and  suggested  strategies  for  reducing  set  of
required applications.

Business Development Manager
IBM Microelectronics  -  Endicott, NY - November 2000 to June 2003

Developed relationships with executives and technical leadership of high technology software companies to
implement strategic software architectures for commercial consumer products based on Linux and VxWorks
operating systems:
•  Remotely  led  technical  teams  in  various  North  America  locations  and  Beijing,  China  to  successfully
implement,  test  and  deploy  PowerPC  based  software  solutions  based  on  Linux  and  VxWorks  embedded
operating systems to form basis for commercially deployed products.
• Primary interface to IBM and partner company General Counsel, Intellectual Property Law and Contracts
teams  to  define,  negotiate  and  close  on  contractual  terms  and  conditions  between  IBM  and  technology
providers.

Manager, Systems Architecture and Program Engineering
Lockheed Martin Federal Systems - February 2000 to November 2000

Managed Systems Engineering department for Lockheed Martin Distribution Technologies, a 1000 member,
$1B line of business within the Owego, NY site. Managed daily activities of 30+ technical personnel.

Manager
Lockheed Martin Federal Systems - 1999 to 2000

Managed and led team responsible for development of new website for Distribution Technologies organization.
Led Systems Integration and Test (I&T) team for British Postal Authority's $250M UK-AI program.

Lead Engineer and Test Director

Lockheed Martin Federal Systems - 1996 to 1999

Owner  of  Requirements  Analysis,  Decomposition  and  Management  and  live  System  Demonstration  for
pre-contract  United  States  Postal  Service  Delivery  Confirmation  system;  efforts  recognized  as  significant
contributor to $218M contract award. Successfully managed functional, interface, environmental, production
sampling testing, leading to deployment of approximately 32,000 Microsoft NT-based computer systems and
325,000 handheld devices. System still in use today

EDUCATION

PhD in Industrial and Systems Engineering
Binghamton University - Binghamton, NY
2011 to 2016

Executive MBA in Business Administration
Binghamton University - Binghamton, NY
1998 to 2000

MSEE in Master Science Electrical Engineering
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute - Troy, NY

BSEE in Bachelor Science Electrical Engineering
Purdue University - West Lafayette, IN

SKILLS

Systems Engineering (10+ years), Program Management (3 years), Business Development (10+ years),
Requirements Development, Analysis, Management (10+ years), Personnel Management (2 years), Test
Director (3 years), System Architecture Development (10+ years), Proposal Writing (10+ years)

LINKS

http://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?trk=tab_pro&id=52146715

CERTIFICATIONS

Engineer In Training (EIT)
August 1978 to Present
One-half of Professional Engineer (PE) Certification

Engineer In Training (EIT)

GROUPS

Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE)

International Council of Systems Engineers (INCOSE)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Personable, with Engineering Discipline and Business Acumen (BSEE, MSCE, MBA, PhD degrees)

• Large Systems Engineering, Reqts. Mgmt., Business Development, New Business Proposal, System Test
Director experience

• Skilled in Statements of Work, Contracts, Negotiation, Budgeting and Financial Statusing
• Expertise range - large systems to embedded processors
• Extensive customer facing experience

• Extensive New Business Proposal and Dev. experience
• Formal management and team leader experience

• Excellent verbal and written communications skills
• Previous Top Secret and Secret security clearances

