Rodney Rhoe

Installation Technician

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rodney-Rhoe/d5c838b2a350d3bf

Seeking a career that will utilize and advance my knowledge and skills. The ideal position would be an entry
to  junior  level  position  with  an  organization  that  will  allow  me  to  grow  from  within  and  advance  to  greater
responsibilities.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Installation Technician
Navigation Solutions  -  Philadelphia, PA - December 2012 to October 2013

Installed GPS's and mobile electronics in a wide range of rental vehicles for Hertz. Used basic hand, extensive
soldering and power tools to complete the task, vehicle wiring knowledge was essential and care in maintaining
the vehicle was priority. The use of wiring harnesses, connectors and the installation of antenna's along with
basic computer knowledge aided with the completion of the assignment.

Technician
First Mobile Technologies  -  Conshohocken, PA - April 2010 to March 2011

Installed GPS's, antenna's, power supplies, modem's, computer mounts and power packs in a wide range of
vehicles from passenger to utility. Used a vast array of connectors and components, hand and power tools,
wires and loom for each install.

Operator/Trainer
Micron Technology, Manassas - April 2006 to June 2007

Worked in the semi-conductor industry where I began as an SMT
operator and within six months earned a position as a trainer. As a trainer I was responsible for new hire
training as well as keeping
present employees updated on new procedures and ECN's. Tools
used were computer operated and our job was to test wafers
prior to shipping.

Installation Tech
Mastec/Direct TV  -  Chantilly, VA - October 2005 to March 2006

Contracted to install and upgrade satellite systems by selecting
dish locations, installing wiring, programming the system and giving customers a brief description of services.

Shipping Clerk- Procacci Bros
Selector - February 2000 to May 2005

Phila., Pa
Responsible for filling orders in produce warehouse for various
supermarket  chains.  Loaded  trucks  for  shipping  using  forklifts  and  pallet  jacks  and  assisted  in  inventory
management.

Building Supervisor
Dresden Management - April 1999 to October 1999

Phila., Pa.
Served as a maintenance supervisor overseeing four apartment
complexes and managing a small crew of workers. Additional
duties included light carpentry, plumbing, HVAC and electrical.

Engineer
Datamat Systems Research  -  Warminster, PA - November 1996 to April 1999

Served with a team of engineers developing a proof of concept
military flight simulator and trainer for a fully interactive, 4-axis
controlled, 40 foot diameter, transportable human centrifuge.
Responsible for maintaining, upgrading and modifying computers and computer controlled systems, motors,
motor control systems,
video and video controlled systems, digital and analog electronics,
480 volt, 240 volt and 120 volt power supplies, safety systems and instrumentation. Additional duties included
troubleshooting and
repairing electronics down to component level using o-scopes and voltmeters to repair circuit boards, extensive
soldering(surface
mount,  thru-hole  and  fine  pitch)  using  guns  and  irons,  designing  and  fabricating  cables  and  operation  of
centrifuge during demonstrations, test and evaluations.

Maintenance Worker
Metric Realty  -  San Francisco, CA - May 1992 to November 1996

Contracted to maintain apartment complex to include cleaning,
lighting, general carpentry, electrical repair, painting and plumbing.

Armor Crewman
U.S. Army - August 1988 to April 1991

Operated and maintained tank mounted electronics, lasers and their
interface with tank operators to include working with milling
machines, drill presses and the like to repair mounts and housings for electronics.

EDUCATION

Electronics
Lyons Technical Institute
1986 to 1988

