Ryan Sisona

Electrical and Instrument Design Engineer - KEM

Lawnside, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ryan-Sisona/83a25c36dbe4b465

Over 25 years experience in engineering development, Instrumentation and Electrical engineering and design,
project management, construction, commissioning and start-up of various equipment associated with electrical,
controls  and  instrumentation  utilizing  DCS,  PLC  and  HMI  control  system  for  downstream  and  upstream
Petroleum facilities and Refineries, FPSO, Petrochemical and Pharmaceutical Plants. Knowledge in Microsoft
office, In-tools and AutoCad drafting.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Electrical and Instrument Design Engineer
KEM  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2015 to Present

Engineering Contracted to Philadelphia Energy Solutions (Former Sunoco Refinery)
Philadelphia 01/2015-Present
Electrical and Instrument Design Engineer
• Provide Electrical and Instrumentation detailed design associated with DCS and PLC wiring, block diagrams,
single line diagrams, schematic drawings, panel detailed design, conduit and cable sizing, loop diagrams,
junction box layouts for maintenance & small to medium sized capital projects.
• Identify DCS I/O location in FTA's card and Modules utilizing Process and Safety Manager System for LOPA
Projects.
• Prepare Scope of work, Specifications and Data sheets of control valves and transmitter.
• Provide troubleshooting during commissioning and start up prior handover to operation.
• Evaluation of existing substations including load calculations and calorie ratings.

Instrument Engineer
Jacobs Engineering Long Beach  -  Long Beach, CA - 2012 to 2014

•  Chevron  LPG  expansion  project  of  Colon  PANAMA.  Developed  engineering  package  including  P&ID's,
specifications, data sheets, indices, I/O list, flow calculations and control valves sizing.
• Provided vendor requisitions, quotes and bid summaries.
•  Developed  PLC  packages  for  construction,  including  specifications  of  IFM  cards,  I/O  Module  cards  and
communication systems between remote I/O panels and control rooms. Prepared block diagrams, junction
box detailed drawings, control panel layouts, schematics and wiring diagrams.
• Developed loop drawings, I/O's and FTA cards assignment for Honeywell TDC 3000 utilizing C200 controller.

Electrical and Instrument Engineer
Flowserve Corporation  -  Vernon, CA - 2011 to 2012

• ARAMCO Project, Saudi Arabia and Reficar refinery. Developed engineering and construction package for
the Refinery Decoking System including P&ID's, narratives, I/O lists, indices, Specifications and Data sheets
including vibration and temperature sensors. Developed skid mounted instruments associated with conduit
and cable tray layout, cable schedule, junction box drawings, and vendor interconnection diagrams.
• Reviewed vendor drawings and specifications including, high voltage motor and lube oil pumps.
• Attended Factory Acceptance Test.

Principal Instrument Engineer
WorleyParsons  -  Bakersfield, CA - 2007 to 2010

• Contracted to Occidental Petroleum. Handled construction management projects during the upgrade of non-
unit and gas production facilities.
• Reviewed and checked contractor deliverables, including block diagrams, location plans, junction box layouts,
control panel layouts, wiring diagrams, cable schedules and, I/O's schematic diagrams to PLC. Performed site
inspections to ensure installation comply with the company standard.
• Working knowledge in Honeywell TDC 3000 utilizing C200 controller.

Instrument & Control System Engineer
Brinderson  -  El Segundo, CA - 2006 to 2007

• Chevron Refinery Project. Responsible for the development of engineering packages that included writing
scopes of work, P&ID's, data sheets, specifications, instrument indices and I/O DCS assignment lists.
• Reviewed and checked contractor deliverables, including block diagrams, location plans, junction box layouts,
control  panel  layouts,  wiring  diagrams,  cable  schedule  and  I/O's  schematic  diagrams  to  PLC.  Prepared
requisitions for the different types of commodities in purchasing of instruments. Assigned to work on various
PASEO projects, namely NHT Heaters ESD modification, Rule 1118 compliance for Flare System projects
and tank farm facilities modernization utilizing fieldbus technology.

Instrument Engineer
Paramount Petroleum, California - 2006 to 2006

Responsible  for  the  development  of  as-built  drawings,  P&ID's,  data  sheets  and  instrument  indices  for
Paramount Petroleum Refinery Control room modernization project utilizing Delta V and Fieldbus technology.

Instrument Technician
Brinderson, Timec, Ardent - 2002 to 2005

Participated during major construction, shutdown maintenance and startup of Exxon Mobil refinery, BP and
Valero. Assigned to Dow and Monsato Chemical plant for a shutdown maintenance.

Instrument Engineer
Black and Veatch-Pritchard  -  Overland Park, KS - 2000 to 2001

• Participated in Front End engineering including of the development of P&ID's and I/O list spreadsheets for
control room modernization project's utilizing Honeywell TDC 3000 DCS.
• Site traveled to Kuwait National Petroleum to provide engineering support in the construction.

Electrical and Instrument Engineer
Faithful & Gould  -  Singapore - 1998 to 2000

Contracted to Merck Sharp and Dohme for a Bulk Pharmaceutical Project and Jacobslendlease of Wyeth-
Ayerst Nutrition Plant during construction and commissioning.
• Field verification and supported IQ, OQ and PQ validations.
• Prepared equipment specifications and detailed installation drawing during construction.
•  Participated  during  commissioning  and  start-up  of  dry  and  wet  plants  including  process  instrumentation,
high  voltage  switchgear,  chillers,  steam  boilers,  compressors,  centrifuge,  cooling  tower  pumps,  laboratory
equipment (autoclave, sterilizer), water treatment plants and the Building automation system and Supervisory
fire alarm system.
• Participated during loop check of process equipment associated with electrical and instrumentation from field
signals to PLC, HMI and DCS.

Electrical and Instrument Design Engineer

Trenergy/Kvaerner - 1994 to 1998

Responsibilities included Front End and detailed engineering including, P&ID's and data sheets development.
Generated instrument drawings such as layouts, installation details, control schematics and single line wiring
diagrams. Participated during commissioning of FPSO conversion project.

Instrument Supervisor
Wescon Engineering  -  Singapore - 1990 to 1994

•  Contracted  to  Exxon  -  SAP  Project.  Responsibilities  included  calibration,  certification,  and  installation  of
instruments. Resolved installation issues during construction and provided field and control room assistance
during commissioning and start up.
• Contracted to Exxon under the employment of Wescon Engineering, Singapore. Then assigned to Petronas
for MLNG projects and offshore projects for Shell Brunei Petroleum Berhad.

Electrical and Instrument Engineer
Australasia Cylinder Corporation - 1988 to 1990

Participated in the development of engineering documents both electrical and instrumentation for the newly
constructed plant.

EDUCATION

BS in Electrical Engineering
Cebu Institute of Technology

DCS
MSU-Iligan Institute of Technology

CERTIFICATIONS

00

