Saju John

Application Sales Engineer - Bender Inc

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Saju-John/ff7d294cf32ddaca

WORK EXPERIENCE

Application Sales Engineer
Bender Inc  -  Coatesville, PA - May 2012 to Present

Related Skills: Client Relationship Management, Understanding Isolated Power System (IPS), Project Support,
Schematic / Floor Plan / One Line Diagram Review, Project Costing/Quoting
Charged  with  marketing  and  promoting  electrical  safety/ground  fault  equipment  for  ungrounded  (floating/
isolated) AC/DC systems. Work exclusively with hospital clients to evaluate and identify equipment needed
to support Operating Room (OR) procedures by reviewing floor plans, one-line diagrams, and schematics.
Maintain communication with Design Engineers to determine which Isolated Power System (IPS) best meets
project needs.
Key Contributions:
♦ Demonstrated skill in educating client in proper use of Line Isolation Monitor electrical safety devices to
measure system leakage.
♦ Serve as point of contact in troubleshooting client issues, maintaining strong client relationships using email
and phone contacts to gather data and propose resolution strategies.
♦ Instrumental in updating firmware and building testing equipment used to ensure product meets all quality
standards prior to being shipped to clients.

Manager
Classic Supermarket  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2003 to May 2012

Oversaw  operations  of  family-owned  retail  store,  including  managing  vendor  contracts  and  developing
employees to support customer service strategies and foster long-term profitable client relationships. Provided
leadership  in  reviewing  financial  statements,  purchase  orders,  sales  and  activity  reports  to  measure  staff
productivity, goal achievement and determine areas that needed improvement. Prepared daily, weekly and
quarterly reports for review by senior management.
Key Contributions:
♦  Lead  team  in  ordering  and  inventorying  product;  ensured  store  was  ready  for  daily  sales,  meeting  all
seasonal sales peak performance forecasts.
♦ Oversaw the implementation of strategic marketing/sales plans and prepared sales floor.
♦ Directed employee teams to complete daily activities, including inventory reviews, merchandising product,
and successfully resolving client issues quickly and effectively.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering Technology
The Pennsylvania State University - Middletown, PA
2011

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

•  Project  Coordination:  Proven  success  diagnosing  and  resolving  diverse  engineering  issues,  supporting
installation,  testing,  and  troubleshooting  of  electrical  equipment.  Strong  record  of  directing  multiple  tasks
effectively to ensure on-target completion of all deliverables.
• Engineering Support: Strong technical expertise with experience assembling, installing and testing electrical
and electronic systems. Able to build, calibrate, maintain and repair electrical components; read and evaluate
diagrams and schematics.
•  Effective  Communication:  Dynamic  interpersonal  talents;  excel  at  interfacing  with  customers,  engineers,
and management. Skilled in English/Hindi/Marathi/Malayalam languages. Dynamic written and presentation
strengths.

• Key Strengths: Proficient in conducting Failure Analysis and Testing, while utilizing technical skills to identify
priorities and exceed organizational goals within team-driven / self-guided roles.
Technologies:

