Sean Menz

Manufacturing Engineer - Lockheed Martin Space Systems Company

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sean-Menz/24fc603437adb424

Highly efficient and effective engineer with experience in design and manufacture of satellite components.
Focused on cost reduction and schedule commitments while producing high quality communication satellites
for myriad of clients thru production flow improvement, standardization and process improvement. Work across
programs, business units and business functions to deliver customer satisfaction.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Manufacturing Engineer
Lockheed Martin Space Systems Company  -  Newtown, PA - October 2007 to Present

Liaison between manufacturing shop floor and design engineering supporting the build of multimillion dollar
Antenna subsystems for Commercial and Government customers
• Team member in charge of manufacturing support for Antenna Range Fixture purchase which reduced setup
time by 33% and cost by 51%
• Lead team member in the design and manufacturing of Antenna components for seven launched satellites,
including MUOS Flights 1 and 2.
• Developed new processes for assembly of state of the art Antenna design including component bonds, test
setups and rework of vendor hardware to meet engineering and system requirements.
•  Developed  Production  flow  used  during  assembly  and  testing  of  Antenna  components  for  variety  of
customers including US Armed Forces (Navy and Air Force) and foreign customers (VNPT, SKY Perfect JSAT
Corporation)
• Lead engineer responsible for non-flight equipment flow from requirements generation thru procurement and
floor use.
• Initiated standard fixtures used from start of production to hardware shipment reducing risk to deliverable
hardware and fixture cost.
• Designed standard tooling used in assembly and testing of critical Antenna components.
• Participated in reviews to promote ease of production/manufacturability with flight drawing, test procedures,
fixtures and test setups.
• Coordinated readiness reviews for Antenna levels ranging from components to subsystems.
• Supported Root Cause investigations and Corrective Action Boards. Implemented Lessons Learned and
best  practices  into  developing  and  ongoing  Antenna  projects  which  reduce  the  cost  of  rework  within  the
manufacturing organization.

Mechanical Engineer
Lockheed Martin  -  Newtown, PA - April 2005 to October 2007

Designed feed supports and components for Sirius 4 and VINASAT satellite customer.
• Regularly interacted and coordinated with Quality Control, Operations, Manufacturing, Electrical engineering
and survivability to see design through to completion.
• Responsible for creation and implementation of engineering change orders.
•  Worked  closely  with  outside  vendors  on  specifications  and  schedule  for  completion  of  spacecraft
components.
• Performed project management support for SBIRS government satellite.

Project Engineer

The Whiting-Turner Contracting Company  -  Towson, MD - October 2004 to March 2005

Responsible for night shift supervision of (2) major projects, New Jersey State Aquarium in Camden, NJ and
National Aquarium in Baltimore, MD.
• Managed and interacted with several outside subcontractors with expertise in a wide range of fields such as
masonry, site work, specialties, weatherproofing, hollow metal and overhead doors and carpentry.
•  Performed  takeoff  from  blueprints  provided  by  architect  and  coordinated  transfer  of  information  between
subcontractors and architects.

EDUCATION

Masters of Business Administration
Villanova University - Villanova, PA
December 2012

Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
Gannon University - Erie, PA
May 2004

