Steven Zellers

Transportation Systems Engineer

Cherry Hill, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Steven-Zellers/c011bc8545f4aa56

Senior  systems  engineer,  human-machine  interface  (HMI)  engineer,  transportation  planner,  and  project
manager with 15+ years of systems technology design, development, and operational deployment experience.
Knowledgeable with principles of user-centered design and human-centered systems engineering (HSCE),
product design and rapid prototyping, conventional systems engineering design, and displays and controls
for  transportation  and  logistics.  Also  experienced  with  requirements  analysis,  planning,  systems  design,
development,  and  deployment,  hardware  engineering,  software  engineering,  network  engineering,  system
testing, technical writing, and proposal capture. Expert systems integration engineer; works with stakeholders
to achieve transformative results.

Key Credentials:
•  Certified  Human  Factors  Professional  (CHFP),  certified  by  the  Board  of  Certification  in  Professional
Ergonomics
• Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design Accredited Professional (LEED-AP)
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Train Systems Engineer
Alstom Transport  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2015 to Present

Train Systems Engineer in the Rolling Stock Engineering department of Alstom Transportation.
• Responsible for development of train systems of Next Generation High Speed Train (NGHST) for Amtrak.
• Review and comment on tenders and concepts of operations. Provide new context to concepts of operations
and operational context documents for train design that focus on usability and human machine interface (HMI).
• Responsible for requirements management, deployment, and implementation in IBM Rational DOORS.
• Developed automatic requirements indexing software in Microsoft Visual Basic for Applications.
• Responsible for subsystems high level architecture design and development; e.g. Train door systems, fire
detection and suppression, and design for individuals with disabilities.
• Made multiple trips to France to support Train-level requirements development and cascading to subsystems.

Human Machine Interface Engineer
GE Transportation - May 2014 to Present

Human Machine Interface Engineer(HMI) in the Locomotives and Services Manufacturing Division of GE.

•  Project  manager  of  multi-language  human  machine  interface  for  international  locomotive  division,  GE
Transportation.
• Responsible for languages and translations on the GE Locomotive series HMI. Company liaison with 3rd
party translation service providers.
•  Responsible  for  large  data  analytics  for  approx.  ¼  million  display  elements  in  13  different  languages.
Developed custom analytics in C, Visual Basic, and SQL server.
• Evaluated locomotive UIs for various product sets against human factors design standards and reported
deficiencies; logged software/operational defects in IBM ClearCase.
• Software development of prototyping tools and display concepts for railroad HMI.

•  Developed  advanced  locomotive  operator's  display  concept  storyboard  for  NextGen  Locomotive  HMI
corporate council.
• Requirements management, publishing, and testing using Rational DOORS.

Senior Systems Engineer
Xerox Transportation - February 2012 to March 2013

Systems Engineer in the Transportation Systems Solutions Group, Xerox Transportation.

• Maintenance management of electronic tolling systems and components.
•  Electronic  Toll  Collection  facility  construction  project  management.  Oversee  site  electrical  and  systems
integration tasks.
• Product engineering and system development, electronic toll collection system (ETC) displays, controls, and
network systems. Coordinate new product development efforts with suppliers, vendors, etc.
•  Develop  product  environmental  test  plans  for  tolling  equipment.  Coordinate  testing  with  environmental
laboratory testing facilities.
•  Worked  with  vendor  to  implement  SNMP  trap-based  software  architecture  on  PLC  industrial  controls
communicating with MS Windows.
• Customer support to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey - Tolling systems.
•  GUI  Application  prototyping,  electronic  toll  collection  system  displays  and  controls.  Created  prototype
toll operator's display using C, C++, C# and .NET with Microsoft Visual Studio. Performed C# component
integration (software engineering). Deployed system for hardware-in-the-loop testing purposes to test group.
•  Conduct  image  processing  research  using  MATLAB:  feature  detection  and  extraction,  MATLAB  coding,
license plate recognition algorithms. Converted entire image processing application from C to .NET, developed
graphical user interface.

Human Factors Engineer
Cargo Security Management International - 2011 to 2012

Developed Concept of Operations for Airport Remote Screening for the Department of Homeland Security.

• Managed development of Concept of Operations for Airport Remote Screening for the Transportation Security
Administration and Department of Homeland Security.
• Developed Human Factors Use Cases in MS Visio.
•  Designed,  developed,  and  drafted  workstation  concept  for  Screeners  and  Supervisors.  Drafted  display
requirements and developed user interface concept.
• Drafted business case for Airport Remote Screening for the Department of Homeland Security.

Senior Software Engineer III
Lockheed Martin Corporation - 2010 to 2011

Human  factors  engineer  to  Lockheed  Martin's  En  Route  Automation  Modernization  (ERAM)  Air  Transport
Computer-Human Interface (CHI) team, providing specific systems engineering and human factors expertise.

• Human factors engineering and user interface development for air traffic control applications. Storyboarding
and  prototyping  of  user  interface  behavior  in  a  variety  of  environments  including  MS  Office  suite  (Excel,
Access, Visio, etc.), 2D storyboarding tools (Photoshop, Powerpoint, Corel Draw, etc.), and 3D time-sequenced
prototyping tools: MS Flash and web-browser-based platforms.
• Designed, built, and tested standalone aviation Data communications prototypes for Web clients using Java/
Javascript/JQuery with dynamic HTML.

•  Served  as  day-today  ERAM  CHI  team  point-of-contact  with  the  Lockheed  Martin  software  developers  in
Eagan, MN. Convey coding requests and broker concerns between developers and Rockville human factors
and systems engineering staff. Maintain daily/weekly software checklists.
•  Developed  future  concept  user  interface  and  requirements  for  Non-radar  display,  and  future  controller
workstation. Flight plan data structure design and air traffic data block specification.
• Developed performance specification for future flight plan data blocks, En Route Automation System (ERAM).
•  Conducted  user  interface  analysis  of  Oceanic  Air  Traffic  Control  System  and  reported  to  Product
Implementation Team, Transportation Group, Lockheed Martin Transportation Systems.
• XML, UML, HTML, DHTML schema design; HTML-based Web-client prototyping.

Program Manager
AECOM - 2009 to 2010

Acting  Program  Manager  of  the  Enterprise  Geographic  Information  Systems  (E-GIS)  Program  at  Denver
International Airport (DIA).

• Managed team of Oracle GIS Database developers maintaining Enterprise GIS at DIA.
• Developed a comprehensive GIS Data Standard and Metadata Standard for DIA. The standard is one of the
first in the United States to incorporate the new FAA GIS Standard, FAA AC 150/5300-18B, and the Spatial
Data Standard for Facilities and Infrastructure (SDSFIE).
• Co-developed the DIA GIS Roadmap, which is a two-year phased project schedule. It includes over 100
subtasks. Implemented in both Primavera and Microsoft Project.
• Developed and authored AECOM scope of work (SOW) for E-GIS.
• Airport infrastructure specification with SQL Server; SQL Server Express using SDSFIE infrastructure model.
• Utilization of UML high-level design system implementation tools within Visual C++ to model applications.

Senior Consultant
Booz Allen Hamilton - 2006 to 2009

Human Factors consultant to Federal Railroad Administration, Equipment and Operating Procedures Research
Division. Proposal writing and prototyping coordinator and lead engineer.

• Developed an operational concept and functional requirements for a locomotive moving map display (LMMD)
for use by the railroads. 
• Primary developer of LMMD prototype using a HSCE design approach. The LMMD prototype delivered to
the FRA was one of the first to incorporate GIS and GPS-based moving map display concepts to the main-
line passenger and freight operator environment. Worked closely with locomotive engineers on test rides to
develop requirements and concept for LMMD.
•  Delivered  a  storyboard-based  Concept  of  Operations  for  passenger  and  freight  rail  to  the  FRA  and
developers. The Conops was paired with a prototype development activity executed by Booz Allen.

Systems Engineering Lead, Advanced Technologies and Oceanic Procedures (ATOP) Post-Implementation
Review (PIR) Team

•  Conducted  Human  factors-focused  Post  Implementation  Review  of  the  FAA's  Oceanic  air  traffic  control
system, ATOP. The PIR process is dictated by the U.S. Office of Management and Budget (OMB-300 AMS)
and  applies  to  large  information  technology  capital  asset  acquisition  programs  including  air  traffic  control
systems.
• Developed performance measures to benchmark compliance of O-ATC system in reference to OMB-300
Acquisition Management System (AMS). Developed performance criteria of system safety, usability, efficiency,
and ease-of-use.

• Conducted user surveys and interviewed air traffic controllers at all Oceanic sites - Anchorage, Oakland, and
Ronkonkoma, NY, and the FAA Technical Center.
•  Developed  performance  measures  and  evaluated  Oceanic  controller  workstations  for  functionality,
operational effectiveness, and usability. Statistically analyzed and reported objective data measures.
• Co-author of comprehensive PIR final report to FAA Chief Scientist for Human Factors.
•  Developed  Traffic  Flow  Management  operational  procedures  for  National  Integrated  Airspace;  co-author
of  High  Altitude  En  Route  TFM  Procedures  and  High  Altitude  Aviation  Data  Communications  Concept  of
Operations.

Aviation Planner
San Francisco International Airport  -  San Francisco, CA - 2004 to 2006

Intern and Consultant to the Airport Deputy Director of Planning, Design and Construction

• Developed subcontractor requests for information (RFIs), requests for proposals (RFPs), and requests for
qualifications(RFQs) for the Planning group, and participated in response evaluations
• Designed, developed, and implemented software to automate the process of airport gate utilization reporting
and analysis for the Planning department. The program includes an aviation operations database loader, flight
matching algorithms, and a report generator that outputs Microsoft Excel spreadsheets of airport operations
activity. The software includes an analysis of airport gate utilization efficiency and a gap analysis tool.
• Participated in team to evaluate airport land-use planning alternatives.
•  Conducted  a  lease-analysis  and  developed  recommendations  for  various  Fixed-based  Operator  (FBO)
configuration proposals at SFO
• Conducted an impact analysis of new large aircraft (NLA) operations at SFO, and briefed Senior Management.
The analysis included impacts to safety, services, and infrastructure; for example passenger loading bridges
(PLBs) and boarding operations.

Systems Engineer
Rockwell Collins - 1997 to 2002

Technical staff member of Air Traffic Management Systems Group, Advanced Technology Center, Rockwell
Collins

• Technical contributor to the NASA Synthetic Vision proposal team and Airbus A380 cockpit proposal team,
leading to significant program wins for Rockwell Collins.
• Project and software lead of a Microsoft Windows based wireless portable flight deck (PFD) prototype system
that included the display of proximity air traffic and high-resolution polygon airport maps, data-link and graphical
depiction of real-time notices to airmen, 2D and 3D modes, and advanced avionics symbology concepts. He
demonstrated his prototype to the industry on the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) 737 research aircraft.
• Represented Rockwell Collins and served as co-chairman of Radio Technical Commission for Aeronautics
(RTCA)  SC-193  SG2,  Airport  Mapping  Database  Standards  Committee,  which  resulted  in  the  successful
publication of DO-272, Standards for Airport Mapping Databases, which is now used by the FAA and other
civil aviation organizations.
• Conducted research of flight deck cursor control devices for use with Civil aviation. Conducted experiments
in equipped research vehicles and flight simulators. Developed and evaluated prototypes.
• Fault tree analysis using Human Factors Design Standard; MS Visio

Portfolio
Aviation Data Communications client example, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CldVmOogUD8
Electronic flight bag .NET example (complete application), https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QA4gS264rQo
3D modeling and simulation example, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToY4d8setMs

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Industrial Engineering-Human Factors
University of Iowa - High, Iowa, US

Bachelor of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering
University of Wisconsin-Madison - Madison, WI

SKILLS

APPLICATIONS AND DEVELOPMENT TOOLS: Microsoft Access applications developer, Knowledge
and experience with SQL for relational database management, Systems architecture modeling, fault tree
analysis with Microsoft Visio, Project management with MS Project and Primavera, Microsoft Excel, Excel
Solver, Excel Tables, CAD design with Google Sketchup, AutoCAD, AutoCAD Map, AutoCAD Civil 3D;
Photoshop, MATLAB coding, image processing applications, Hyperterminal, serial terminal programming,
Statistical analysis with Statistica and SAS, and Excel Solver, GIS experience with ESRI ArcGIS,
ArcCatalog, ArcMap, ArcInfo and ESRI extensions, Requirements management with Rational DOORS,
Defect logging, tracking and management with Rational ClearCase. SYSTEMS: MS Windows XP/Vista/7/8,
Macintosh, Mac OS, UNIX, Linux, SGI IRIX; shell scripting, Network design and programming with TCP/
IP, UDP, and SNMP, Hardware design and computer engineering. Electronics, wiring, telecommunications,
cabling, power electronics, bread boarding, and prototyping experience, Cabinet electronics assembly,
wiring, terminations, and troubleshooting, Programmable logic controllers programming and configuration,
Knowledge of/working with digital oscilloscopes, multi-meters, electronic test equipment, LEED AP.
COMPUTER LANGUAGES: Experienced C, C++, .NET programmer, Internet applications programming
with Javascript, JQuery, HTML, MS W3C DOM, Software configuration, design, test, build, and debug
management with MS Visual Studio .NET (C, C#, C++) components and other integrated development
environments, Web programming CSS and HTML5\Hyper text markup languages, Visual Basic for
Applications (e.g. with Access, Excel).

LINKS

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CldVmOogUD8

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QA4gS264rQo

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToY4d8setMs

