Terry Smith

Owner/Senior Sound Engineer - That's It Computer & Network Service Group, Inc

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Terry-Smith/d7cf903323bcb553

WORK EXPERIENCE

Owner/Senior Sound Engineer
That's It Computer & Network Service Group, Inc  -  Wilmington, DE - June 2005 to Present

Sound engineer for various productions and events throughout Delaware, New Jersey
Attributes: and Pennsylvania.
* Eager to Learn Operated audiovisual and sound-reproducing equipment to provide or complement
* Energetic * Focused educational and public service programs offered by institutions, such as museums,
* Friendly zoos, and libraries.
* Good team player Responsible for setup and breakdown of sound equipment.
* Hard-working * Intelligent Operated film, slide, video, audio tape and turntable equipment to project and *
Resourceful * Takes initiative produce still or moving pictures, background music, oral commentary and sound
* Well-spoken effects.
Determined acoustics of recording studio and adjusted controls to specified levels.
Supervised and managed four (4) employees.

Owner/Network & Computer Technician
That's It Computer & Network Service Group, Inc  -  Wilmington, DE - January 2005 to Present

Received telephone calls from users with data communication problems such as data
transmission.
Determined nature of problem and read codes on screen to diagnose problem.
Ensured that network was available to all system users and resolved data
communications problems.
Monitored data communications network.
LAN& WAN mostly with the school districts.
Supervised and managed one (1) employee.

Owner/Senior Telecommunication Technician
Smith Brothers Communication, Inc  -  Wilmington, DE - February 1992 to Present

Responsible for installing, repairing, servicing, AT&T, Lucent, Avaya
Telecommunication System. (i.e.: Merlin, Legend, Magix, Partners, & IP Office)
Voice, Data, Coaxial, Sound, Video Wiring
Supervisor & managed six (6) employees.

CATV Installer /Phone Technicians
Smith Brothers Communication, Inc  -  Belleville, IL - June 2010 to February 2011

Install aerial or underground cable from the tap to the residence for connection to include attaching ground
wire.
Make connections to house receptacles or establish outlets based on customer need.
Interact with customers to include education of services in their home and a providing
channel guide.
Install basic digital cable, HDTV and DVR boxes.
Install cable modems for high speed Internet and install software on customer's home

computer.
Install MTA and all associated devices and connections to establish VoIP service.

Telecommunication Engineer
Smith Brothers Communication, Inc  -  Wilmington, DE - February 1997 to November 1999

Wilmington, Delaware 19805 02/1997 - 11/1999 Applied Card Systems, Inc.
C: 302-293-5224
E: terrysmithsr@thatsitcorp.com Wilmington, DE
Responsible for daily operation on Lucent Defintiy G3r v6 telecommunication
systems.
Maintained, programmed and troubleshoot other functions of the system (i.e.: Lucent
Audix, CMS, CAS, and various other systems).

Telecommunication Technician
Smith Brothers Communication, Inc  -  Newark, DE - October 1995 to December 1996

Responsible for installing, repairing, servicing, AT&T, Lucent, Avaya
Telecommunication System.
Maintained Spirit's, Merlin's, and Partner's Systems.

Electrician
National Railroad Passenger Corporation  -  Wilmington, DE - December 1991 to October 1995

Maintained and repaired all electrical equipment for railroad passenger car; overhaul, and wrecked restoration
(i.e.: lighting systems, electrical motor, circuit boards, 480 volt
equipment and other electrical equipment).

Electrician
Container Research Corporation  -  Aston, PA - March 1991 to December 1991

Electrician's, Electronics Training,
Construction
Responsible for installing, maintaining, and repairing industrial equipment (i.e.: all type
Electrician, Centex Training, of lighting system, electrical panel boxes, disconnect boxes, transformer, welding
Cableway Certification Training, equipment, hoist equipment, motors, telecommunication equipment, all other
Sound Powered electrical and electronic equipment and systems).
Telephone System Training, General Work daily with voltage from 0 to 480 volt AC/DC single and three phase
voltage in a
Damage Control, Ship's 60 Hz cycle equipment.
Maintenance & Material

Petty
Management 3M System  -  Newark, DE - May 1990 to January 1991

Resuscitation and Emergency
Cardiac Care (CPR). Responsible for installing and repairing voice and data wiring.
Maintained main distribution frames, Intermediate distribution frames, riser and

