Trent Clack

New Castle, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Trent-Clack/5b6c086a9e358f0a

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Nurse
Cadia Pike Creek Rehab  -  Wilmington, DE - February 2016 to Present

I preform nurse's daily responsibilities which includes coordinating resident admissions/transfers/discharges,
medication  administration,  Trach  Care,  Vent  unit,  Vent  Management,  act  as  liaison  for  residents/families/
physicians,  supervise  C.N.A.s,  timely  and  accurate  processing  of  physician  orders,  actively  participate  in
meetings and shift-to-shift reports and I ensuring Residents Rights are honored.

LPN
Connections Csp./ Department of Corrections - November 2015 to Present

Assists in the assessment of the physical, psychological, and social dimensions of patients in the infirmary
and,  as  necessary,  in  the  housing  units.  Implements  individualized  treatment  programs  as  directed  by
healthcare Providers. Administers medications to patients in a safe and effective manner, including delivery
of  medication  to  housing  unit.  Provide  care  for  clients  with  addictions  and  psychiatric  mental  health  care
diagnosis. Administers medications to patients in a safe and effective manner, including delivery of medication
to housing unit. Assist with facilitation of client education. Respects the dignity and confidentiality of patients.
Certifications  in  Correctional  Mental  Health,  Serious  Mental  Illness,  Significant  Functional  Impairment  and
Suicide Awareness and Prevention.

Customer Service
Coventry Healthcare Medical Insurance - January 2013 to December 2013

Resolved  basic  system  rejections;  analyze  and  validate  enrollment  and  eligibility  records.  Research  and
responded  to  customer  inquiries,  written  correspondence,  fax,  web,  and/or  electronic  mail.  Investigate,
analyze,  and  resolve  outstanding  Billing  issues  to  achieve  customer  satisfaction  and  takes  responsibility
for  following  through  and  bringing  issues  to  closure.  Maintained  accurate  documentation  of  all  customer
interactions and maintain production levels and quality goals.

Tech II
Tech Data Communications - February 2011 to April 2012

Installed Operating Systems specified by the customer, added memory to laptops, desktops etc. Programmed
Printers. Downloaded LAN, Moved and setup workstations and related equipment for new hires and in house
clients. Created new users and assigned permissions.

Engineer
CSX Transportation Freight Conductor - June 2008 to February 2011

Operated Locomotive, Followed all F.R.A. and CSX policies and regulations. Safety Team Leader, complied
with all government safety requirements. Promoted to Engineer

Project Manager Supervisor
BellSouth Telecommunications - May 2000 to February 2008

Managed  and  supervised  over  20  first  line  Project  Supervisors,  monitored  monthly  reports  on  production,
completed  employee  appraisals  every  6  months.  Installed  over  20,000  Dell  computers,  Laser  printers  per
BellSouth Specifications. Installed Windows and other Bell products on system, Configured and supported
laptop  and  desktop  hardware,  Configured  PCs  to  specific  requirements  of  end-users,  Reset  Q-  accounts'
passwords, utilized the troubleshooting. Instructed Managers of CLEC's in navigating through ordering guides
and business rules to reduced clarification rate.

EDUCATION

Leads School of Technology - New Castle, DE
October 2015

Advance Technology Group
Hahnemann University Hospital - Atlanta, GA
December 2009 to December 2009

Electrical Engineering
Missouri Technical University - St. Louis, MO
May 1997

Cheyney State University - Westtown, PA
May 1992

Kirk Bride Center/ Institute of the Pennsylvania Hospital - Philadelphia, PA

Hillside Nursing and Rehab Center - Wilmington, DE

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS SUMMARY:

Application of Dressings Tracheostomy Care
Oxygen Therapy Insertion of Catheters
Wound and Burn Care Injections & Immunizations
Medication Administration Psychiatric Basic Care
Post-Partum & Newborn Nursery Basic Care Evaluate & Record I & O Levels
Care Plan Development Nasal & Oral Suctioning

