Vincent Kuperavage

o Process Engineer - DuPont

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vincent-Kuperavage/2072ba6fe7153722

• A full-time position in a dynamic and challenging work environment.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Process Engineer
DuPont  -  Wilmington, DE - June 2011 to Present

o Process Development: Supported the licensing effort of a proprietary hydrotreating technology to petroleum
refineries. Developmental work included in analyzing customer feedstocks, optimizing catalyst selection and
operating conditions, analyzing kinetic data, and supporting the ongoing improvement of the technology.
o  Project  Management:  Managed  the  construction  of  a  diesel  fuel  hydrotreating  R&D  pilot  plant  budgeted
at $500,000. The project included budgeting, creating P&IDs and electrical diagrams, documenting the DCS
functionality, assisting with PSM documentation, and managing the construction and start-up of the unit.
o Process Engineer: Assisted in the operation of the hydrotreating pilot plants. Typical work included importing
sample feeds, scheduling runs, completing MOCs, writing SOPs, troubleshooting of the pilot plant, scheduling
maintenance for the pilot plant and analytical equipment, and start-up of new equipment, 
o  Controls  Engineer:  Managed  the  DCS  for  the  hydrotreating  pilot  plants  comprised  of  an  Allen-Bradley
CompactLogix Controller, FlexLogix Controller, RSLogix5000, and Rockwell Automation FactoryTalk Suite.
o Safety Contact: Acted as the team’s safety contact. Responsibilities included acting as a safety mentor,
managing safety audit documentation, resolving safety action items, and ensuring PSM documentation was
up-to-date.

ExxonMobil Summer Internship
Polyolefins Plant  -  Baton Rouge, LA - June 2010 to August 2010

o  Process  Engineer:  Worked  on  various  assignments  for  a  100,000  lb/hr  polypropylene  production  line
including optimization of a distillation column, simulation of a high-pressure separator, creating automated
process alarms, and researching, sizing, and replacing problematic equipment. Also completed a statistical
analysis on increasing railcar payload targets yielding a $100,000/yr savings.

EXCEL Research
Excel Research Program, Lafayette College  -  Easton, PA - March 2010 to May 2010

o Computer Modeling: Wrote Visual Basic computer code to solve VLE systems to compare theoretical models
to a database of experimental data points.

ExxonMobil Summer Internship
Downstream Headquarters  -  Fairfax, VA - June 2009 to August 2009

o Commercial Analyst: Performed a constraint analysis of very large crude carriers loading in the Arabian Gulf
for Japan refineries. The analysis identified key areas where significant cost reductions may be achieved.
o Scheduler: Backfilled for a full-time employee scheduling ships carrying clean products for the Caribbean
area with total inventory valuing over $25,000,000.

o Maintenance Worker
Penn State Schuylkill University  -  Schuylkill Haven, PA - June 2005 to 2008

Carried out various jobs on the campus at the discretion of a supervisor. Involved handling various vehicles
and machines, low-grade carpentry, electrical, plumbing, and janitorial skills.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering
Lafayette College - Easton, PA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
• Computer Programming
o Languages: Python, BASIC, Applescript, VBA, Visual Studio, Fortan
• Computer Software
o Programs: MS Office, ChemCAD, Comsol, Aspen Suite, CFDesign, Pro II, Inventor, Mathematica, HYSYS,
Icarus, MiniTab, PolyMath, MATLAB
• Process Control
o  Hardware/Software:  Allen-Bradley  Controllers,  RSLogix5000,  Rockwell  Automation  FactoryTalk  Suite,
LabView
• Lab Skills
o Instruments/Techniques: GC, NMR, HPLC, X-Ray Fluorescence, Refractometry, Photospectroscopy, UV-
VIS, IR, Swagelok Trained, Statistical Analysis, DOE

LEADERSHIP
• Gateway Program, Lafayette College, Easton, PA […]
o  Ambassador:  Participated  in  formal  presentations  of  the  Gateway  Program,  assisted  in  raising  student
participation in the Gateway, and offered feedback on programs.
• Kappa Delta Rho Fraternity, Lafayette College, PA 2008 - 2009
o House Manager: Responsible for the upkeep and maintenance of the fraternity house

