Vincent Imparato

Owner operator

Mickleton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vincent-Imparato/d4244619ddf20034

Electrician / Electrical foreman. Electrician bringing a solid understanding of troubleshooting and electrical
installation
techniques. Licensed electrician versed in a diverse range of electrical systems. Excellent communications
skills. Works
well with others, while skillfully making independent decisions.

Highlights
Deep knowledge of National Electrical Code Knowledge of Standard for Electrical Safety in the
Class A Electrical License Workplace (NFPA 70E)
Master Electrician Field installation expert

WORK EXPERIENCE

Owner operator
Harry Escott Electrical Contractors  -  Mickleton, NJ - November 2013 to November 2013

Mickleton, N.J.
Provide and install residential and lite commercial electrical systems. Fire alarm systems, energy management,
control
wiring, franchise and other food eateries, office space and dentist office just to mention a few. Create accurate
estimates  and  proposals  for  residential  and  lite  commercial.  Perform  all  duties  associated  with  running  a
business.
Electrical foreman
November 2013 Arrow Electric - Maple Shade, N.J.
Service truck job installs, Alterations, trouble shoot and repairs. Large job foreman and small job foreman;
Direct
journeyman  electricians  on  installation,  maintenance  and  repair  on  electrical  wiring  and  equipment,  Install
electrical
wiring and equipment, order and receive materials, electrical layout from plan drawings, track and report man
hours,
draw up change orders and extras, write R.F.I's to owner, keep daily work logs, attend job meetings and safety
meetings,
instruct weekly safety meetings. All jobs finish on time and under budget.

Electrical foreman
MCGOLDRICK ELECTRIC INC  -  Havertown, PA - 2012 to January 2012

Design, engineer, plan, coordinate and install all facets of commercial electrical installations on numerous
electrical
construction jobs; Hospitals, class rooms, office space, retail box stores and franchise stores, high voltage
terminations and splicing, gear work, ups systems, security systems and energy management just to mention
a few. Able to read and understand all parts of job drawings, order materials, job layout, coordinate labor, keep
daily job log, log man hours to
office, track and write up change orders, write R.F, I's, attend job meetings, instruct weekly job safety meetings.

EDUCATION

Associate of Arts in Accounting and Law
Temple University - Philadelphia, PA

