Vincent Sasso

Building Engineer - Rittenhouse Hotel

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vincent-Sasso/2889af68db3046fb

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Building Engineer
Rittenhouse Hotel  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2011 to Present

Duties: Responsible for all mechanical systems, boilers, cooling towers.
Troubleshoot, repair, and replace heat pumps. Plumbing - replace pipe
valves, repair and replace drain lines. Automatic toilets and faucets.
Electrical - replace fixtures and breakers, maintain and repair all kitchen
equipment. Fire, life and safety systems. Preventive maintenance program.
Respond to guest calls.

Chief Engineer for 16 Story High Rise Building
Grandview Condominium's  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2009 to November 2010

Duties: Responsible to maintain all building systems, including boilers' cooling tower and heat pumps, domestic
water pumps, sprinkler, building fire alarm, elevator
inspections and maintenance that is required. Fire, life and safety systems. Preventive
maintenance  on  back-flow  preventer  and  testing  procedures.  Skilled  in  electrical  shut-  downs  testing
procedures. Supervisor of the maintenance department of the

Maintenance Supervisor
condominium association  -  Havertown, PA - April 2007 to January 2009

Responsible for day-to-day building operations. Skilled in plumbing, electrical and HVAC maintenance repair,
and painting. Follow OSHA
guidelines and safety regulations. Addressed resident calls.

04/07 to 01/09 ARO Properties
43 West Eagle Road
Havertown, PA., 19083

Maintenance Supervisor
Oversees the maintenance operation of 790 apartment units and 35 commercial units
Duties: Scheduling work for 16 employees, manage and track time sheets for all
employees. Oversees capital projects, responsible for the day-to-day operation,
ensures that policy and procedures are enforced on a daily basis. Responsible for
HVAC systems and maintaining boiler system, overseeing preventive maintenance
schedule, analyzing operations for cost cutting measures for inventory control. Cover
all aspects of repair and maintenance for seven apartment buildings and two
commercial buildings throughout Delaware County, PA., area. Also, responsible for building inspections with
the local townships.

Painter/General Mechanic

U.S. Facilities, Inc - October 2000 to April 2007

Duties: Interior, exterior and industrial painting, certification in OSHA training,
plumbing, electrical and HVAC.

EDUCATION

Painter
South Philadelphia High School - Philadelphia, PA

