Aleah Rhynes

Intelligent , Student , Determined

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aleah-Rhynes/d5841e23f0dfb125

I love the hospitality I feel as though I buckled down on just about the entire hospitality field but would like to
open up to more opputunties to get different work experiences to see what's best for me.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Star Enterprise   -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2014 to Present

Contract Company For the Rittenhouse Square Hotel
Housekeeping duties: 
Carry linens, towels, toilet items, and cleaning supplies, using wheeled carts 
Cleaning  &  Disinfecting  the  hotel  establishment,  including  rooms,The  Rittenhouse  Spa  &  Club,  lounges,
restrooms empty and transport waste to disposal areas & agree to report any guest issues to my supervisor !

Spa Duties:
Clean and Sanitize Men's & Woman's locker Rooms.
Vaccum & Mop The pool area and wipe down tables in thee pool area . Clean Mirrors in yoga room & Mop the
floor. Wipe Down & sanitize all exercise equipment and clean all windows in the fitness room.
Sweep and Mop Relaxation Rooms clean all showers and wipe down all cabinets. Making sure the whole spa
is hair and dirt free . Clean hair salon wipe down and sanitize all hair stations and shampoo bowls , clean
all mirrors in the salon and vacuum and clean the glass at the entrance of the spa also sweap and mop the
salon floors ' clean pedicure and manicure stations and predicure bowls and sweep and mop and vacuum
ther entire spa the entire salon .

Food Prep
Sweetgreen  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2015 to January 2016

Perform a variety of food preparation duties other than cooking, such as preparing cold foods & hot foods. 
Ensuring that food is properly stored.
〓 Performing kitchen maintenance; emptying the trash, mopping floors and washing dishes

Printing
JSR Printing   -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2014 to March 2015

Specializing in souvenir books and events tickets 
Taking customer questions and phone calls front desk duties and keeping the work place titty.

Community In Schools
Work Ready  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2013 to December 2013

Responsibilities
Cleaning the parks and inside the environmental center 
Planting new trees & flowers 
Cleaning trails for bikers 

Accomplishments
Learning how to work together and get the job done.

Skills Used
Teamwork Skills

EDUCATION

Associates in Culinary Arts
The Restaurant School at Walnut Hill College  - Philadelphia, PA
2014 to 2016

Performance Learning Center - Philadelphia, PA
2013 to 2014

Agora Cyber Charter School - Philadelphia, PA
2012 to 2013

Overbrook High School - Philadelphia, PA
2010 to 2011

Dimner Beeber Middle School - Philadelphia, PA
2007 to 2009

SKILLS

➢. Ability to communicate well with others ➢ Excellent verbal and written skills ➢ Professional etiquette ➢
Good time management skills ➢ Willing to stretch existing working hours to accommodate work ➢ Strong
Computer Skills ( Powerpoint & Word) (2 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

I have 2 year + experience in the entire hospitality field which started with Cooking which lead to serving ' I
have experience in Front of the house serving which ensures that the table is properly set for each course,
that the food is properly delivered to the table, and that the needs of the guests are courteously met & Back
of the house servers which clears plates between courses, fills water glasses and bread baskets, and assists
the front waiter as needed & I was taught this through out the time I was in culinary school & now I have been
building up experience in housekeeping at The Rittenhouse Hotel with a contract company and soon hope to
have the whole hospitality field down pack & can start a new work field !

