Bianca Halton

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Bianca-Halton/10e6f446205f0db2

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
The Logan - Philadelphia's Hotel  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2015 to March 2016

Responsibilities
Clean and sanitize rooms, make beds, vacuum, dust, put amenities in rooms to achieve required standards

Skills Used
Customer Service, and Time Management.

Cashier
The Fresh Grocer  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2015 to August 2015

Responsibilities
Cash Handling, Customer Service, Stocking

Skills Used
Customer Service, Organization, Multi-Task

Sales Associate/Customer Service
Lord And Taylor  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2014 to April 2015

Responsibilities
Cashier,  Cash  Handling,  Customer  Service,  Folding  Clothes,  Closing  Register,  Stocking,  Cleaning,  Bill
Payment, Credit Transactions 

Skills Used
Customer Service, Cash Handling, Team Work Skills, Cash Register Handling, Organization Skills

EDUCATION

High School Diploma in High School
El Centro De Estudiantes - Philadelphia, PA
2010 to 2012

SKILLS

Interpersonal Skills, Hard-Working, Communication, Writing, Data Entry, Computer: Microsoft Word, Power
Point, Excel. Organization skills, Customer Service, Multi-Tasking, Problem Solving, Cash Handling, Cash
Register Trained.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Activities:

A member in Y.U.C Youth United for Change (Spring 2011 to 2012)

Responsibilities:

 Organizing rallies and special events for saving alternative and accelerated schools.

  Participating  in  protest  for  saving  alternative  and  accelerated  schools  and  speaking  up  for  dropouts  and
students that have been pushed out of public schools.

Interned at HMS a school for children with Cerebral Palsy (September 2011 to May 2012)

Description:  I  was  a  Teacher's  aid,  I  helping  when  they  needed  assistance  during  music  class  and  other
activities throughout the day. I read to children, played with them, and pushed their wheelchairs.

Responsibilities:

 Safely transporting students from one activity to the next, using wheelchairs and standers.

 

 Reading to the children, encouraging them to focus, understand and respond

 

 Organizing classroom materials for daily lessons.

 

 Sitting with the students, holding their hands in order to prevent them from becoming stiff and palsied.

 

Participant at the Wilma theater acting program for high schools (Spring 2012)

 In this program we will write and produced an original play

 Produced a play on June 14th.

