DaNia Harris

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/DaNia-Harris/33fe4822150109e3

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Trinity Staffing Agency  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2016 to Present

Responsibilities
Cleaning at venues such as concert halls,the eagles stadium,and the wells Fargo stadium.I was responsible
for cleaning every seating row and maintenance.

Accomplishments
I am happy to know that I put forth a lot effort and I was able to learn more about the economy and what goes
into maintaining a stadium.There's a lot that goes into it.For example, providing customer service for those
who attend,recycling, and the utilities that are a part of keeping the stadium running.

Skills Used
Observation
Mathematical
Reading
Diligence

Personal Care Assistant
Apidel HealthCare  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2016 to Present

Responsibilities
Providing care and services to children with autism,sensory input,and disabilities
Attending the child's school and home to assist him/her in a better way
Assistance with motor,verbal,and fundamental skills)
Improving my knowledge about the child's condition.Leaning about the child is an ongoing process.I find this
to be very encouraging.I continually learn about them and continue to make improvements socially.

Accomplishments
I had a beautiful opportunity to go through a learning process with the child and the family.
I was able to learn more and have more patience.

Skills Used
Assistant with learning and development
Assistance with fundamental growth such as reading to the child.
Assistance with verbal and motor skills.
Care

Corporate Call Center
Highmark  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2015 to Present

Responsibilities

I had to enroll the elderly in health insurance plans.For example plans like Freedom Blue PPO and Security
Blue HMO.I also had to develop excellent customer service and telemarketing skills.

Accomplishments
A better knowledge of different people and their backgrounds.I also felt happy to assist them as best as I can.

Skills Used
Respect of confidential information
Respect for the HIPPA law
Telemarketing skills
Customer service skills
Bettering my clerical skills
Documenting information
Using new technical information

Sales Representative
Limitless Strategies,Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 2015 to December 2015

Responsibilities
Sales Representatives

We were required to advertise a product and basically sell this product.We had to have a broad knowledge on
what was being offered to the customer.We offered a free consultation to the customers in Home Depot.It was
a pleasure that I had as it allowed me to communicate with all sorts of people.

Skills Used
Customer service
Sales representative
Training to manage and run a business.

EDUCATION

Highschool Diploma
Connections Academy

SKILLS

Excellent clerical skills,organized,Marketing coordinator,sales representative,customer service (1 year)

CERTIFICATIONS

CPR,Home Health aide

