Darlene Byrd

Housekeeping/Hospitality - Albert Einstein Hospital

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Darlene-Byrd/362e9534e283993b

To secure a position within an organization where my skills and work ethic can be utilized. I am dedicated to
assisting others while, providing excellent patient care.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping/Hospitality
Albert Einstein Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2014 to Present

Reheat and served food trays to patients. Stocked service areas, prepared and served snacks as well as
performed  other  general  duties.  Performed  variety  of  routine  kitchen  duties  assigned.  Cleaning,  mopping,
buffing, and keeping all assigned areas sanitized.

House Manager
United Cerebral Palsy Association of Philadelphia  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2010 to 2013

Community Living Arrangement)
Cooking, cleaning, laundry, medical appointments, outings as well as some physical activities such as client
hygiene, bathing, and in some cases the changing of their attends. Administered Medication and kept a log
of these administrations.

Laundry / Housekeeping
HCR Manor Care  -  Yeadon, PA - 2008 to 2010

Cleaned and serviced an assigned portion of the facility, including furniture, floor and equipment. Maintained
the assigned area to ensure it was clean, sanitary, safe, orderly, and attractive at all times.

Escort / Unit Attendant
Bryn Mawr Rehab  -  Malvern, PA - 2003 to 2007

Helped  to  maintain  a  clean  and  safe  gymnasium  area.  Printing  and  distributing  patient  daily  schedule.
Transporting patient to and from therapy, x-rays and appointments

EDUCATION

Medical
Harris School of Business - Upper Darby, PA
November 2013 to August 2014

SKILLS

Registered Medical Assistant (Less than 1 year)

CERTIFICATIONS

Registered Medical Assistant

October 2018

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills

Anatomy and Physiology,
Aseptic Techniques,
EKG
Medical Law and Ethics
Medical Terminology,
Medisoft
Pathology,
Patient assessment
Pharmacology
Phlebotomy
Specimen Collection and Hematology
Vital signs

