Davenna White

MOTIVATED

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Davenna-White/b46dd2be460ee6a7

I am a motivated, hard working person. I am looking to secure long time employment with a company working
with the public. I feel I am friendly, outgoing, and dependable. I am looking to improve my position in the
workforce, while expanding my knowledge and skills.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Certified Home Health Aide
Self Employed  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2012 to Present

Responsibilities
Performing domestic and household tasks
Take to doctor or dental visits
Give prescribed medications
Assisting with personal need care

Skills Used
Assisting client with the activities of daily living. 
Light housekeeping and meal preparations.
Interpersonal communication

Personal Housekeeper
Self Employed  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2007 to Present

Wash dishes, clean kitchen, empty trash, and complete laundry.
Sweep, vacuum and/or mop floors, dust furniture, and clean windows.
Make beds, order groceries, and any other duties assigned.

Housekeeper
AKA  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2010 to April 2013

Completed cleaning of all assigned rooms and other areas within a timeframe.
Aimed in enhancing customer experience by having excellent standards of hotel cleanliness.
Handled various cleaning solvents and chemicals.

Food Service Worker
WAWA Corporation  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2005 to August 2006

Cleaned food preparation areas, cooking surfaces, and utensils.
Prepared beverages such as coffee and fountain drinks.
Read food slips or received verbal instructions as to food required by patron and prepared and cooked food
according to instructions.

Package Handler
United Parcel Service  -  Horsham, PA - June 2005 to August 2006

Examined and inspected containers, materials, and products to ensure packaging specifications were met.
Removed completed or defected products and transported them on to conveyor belts or loading dock.

Unloaded materials and products into package processing equipment.
Sorted material according to zip code to color coded conveyor belts.

EDUCATION

Managing Housekeeping Operations
Philadelphia OIC Opportunities Inn - Philadelphia, PA
2009 to 2010

High School Diploma in Business Administrations
George Washington High School - Philadelphia, PA
1994 to 1998

