Davina Elum

Housekeeping - Crowne Plaza Bucks County

Trevose, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Davina-Elum/667d76d858106b84

My goal is to obtain a fulltime job in any position.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Crowne Plaza Bucks County - April 2015 to Present

Cleaned chosen public areas with the uppermost standards and attention to detail.
●  Offered  excellent  guest  service  and  standards  that  maintain  and  reflect  Hotel's  Spa's  core  values  and
initiatives.
● Developed and uphold efficient and dynamic working relationships with all other departments in the hotel.
● Assisted room attendants with supply requirements such as linens, towels, and amenities.
● Attended to all guest requests for delivery of housekeeping items in a appropriate and polite manner.
● Maintained hygiene of floor storage areas and housekeeping carts. Cross trained in different
departments within house keeping such as, laundry, housekeeper, and house person

Residential Cleaner
Lcs Cleaning Company - February 2015 to April 2015

Residential/ commercial

● Ability to clean all kinds of areas including bedrooms, restrooms and lobbies.
● Highly skilled in sweeping, scrubbing, waxing and polishing floors.
● Proven ability to dust furniture and equipment.
● Able to handle garbage by placing trash in the proper place.

Author Jackson Cleaning Company
Commercial cleaning - April 2013 to November 2013

Commercial cleaning

● Empty, clean all waste containers.
● Hand dust and wipe clean all workplace furnishings, files, fittings, paneling and window sills.
● Damp wipe and buff all glass furniture.
● Remove waste paper and garbage from the building to designated area.
● Empty and clean ash trays.
● Clean and buff tile floor services.
● Remove all finger marks and stains from vertical surfaces.
● Vacuum all rugs and carpeted areas.

EDUCATION

Medical Assistant
Sanford Brown Institute
June 2012

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Key Qualifications
● Hard worker, quick learner, and ability to assume responsibility.
● Responsible, efficient, and flexible.
● Dependable employee with common sense and a variety of skills.
● Work well under pressure to meet deadlines. Crossed trained for housekeeping/janitorial

