David Lewis

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Lewis/524b25de7b678b3c

• Detail-oriented student with strong technical skills and the ability to learn concepts quickly.
• Enthusiastic sport management major with excellent communication skills and strong motivation to succeed.
• Driven Graphic Artist adept at managing heavy workloads while focusing on designing creative, visually-
appealing graphics.
•  Team-oriented  associate  who  works  well  in  a  collaborative  environment,  yet  thrives  on  personal
achievements.
• Innovative Photographer successful at experimenting with new approaches, techniques, software and lenses.
Thrives under pressure and is inspired by an artistic challenge. Equipped with excellent observational skills
and lateral vision. Captures noteworthy shots of animals in their natural habitats.
• Extensively trained in spreadsheets and word processing. 
• Advanced computer knowledge and their programs.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Kearsley Rehabilitation and Nursing Center   -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2016 to Present

Responsibilities
Maintain  a  clean  building  and  clean  residents  units  after  they  move  out.  Keep  track  of  cleaning  supplies
inventory and make sure everything is well stocked. 

Skills Used
Excellent social services 
Cleanliness 
Organization

Maintenance
ShopRite Supermarkets, Inc.  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2015 to August 2015

Responsibilities
Maintain a clean and safe store inside and out, for customers and employees. 

Skills Used
Organization
Ability to operate forklift

Water ice stand clerk
Philadelphia, PA - May 2008 to August 2010

Responsibilities
Served water ice to the neighborhood, stocked the freezer everyday, cleaned the work area, provide excellent
customer service. 

Skills Used
Excellent customer service 
Cleanliness 

Attention to detail 
Outstanding memory

EDUCATION

Bachelor of science in Sport management
East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania  - East Stroudsburg, PA
2014 to 2018

High school diploma in Architecture and design
Charter High school for Architecture and Design  - Philadelphia, PA
2010 to 2014

SKILLS

Attention to detail, Dependability, Fast learner, Microsoft Office proficiency, Excellent communication skills,
Computer-savvy, Perfect attendance record, In-depth fashion knowledge, Dedicated team player, Excellent
time management, Outstanding interpersonal skills, Proactive approach to problem solving

AWARDS

Defensive Player of the Year
May 2014
Awarded to the player that exhibits the best defensive prowess in the basketball ball league.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Played in the La Liga Del Barrio Basketball League […]

• Blood Drive (April 2015)

• Volunteer at Clay-Lewis Community Center (2010-Currently)

• Working with nonprofit organization Humanity United Inc. (Currently)

• Lead designer for fashion shows at Charter High school for Architecture and Design 

• Freelance Photographer 

• Writing movie scripts and short stories

