Eliana Garcia

Student

Merchantville, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Eliana-Garcia/143e739d120840af

Self-motivated, energetic and outgoing individual with strong customer service skills and efficient in fast-paced
multitasking environments; able to prioritize effectively to accomplish objectives with creativity, enthusiasm
and humor.
Willing to relocate
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Certified Home Health Aide
Mercy Home Care Inc  -  Camden, NJ - September 2014 to Present

Responsibilities
Supports patients by providing housekeeping and laundry services; shopping for food and other household
requirements; preparing and serving meals and snacks; running errands. Provides personal services, such
as, bathing, dressing, and grooming.

Helps patients care for themselves by teaching use of cane or walker, special utensils to eat, special techniques
and equipment for personal hygiene.

Successfully help teach family members care for the patient by teaching appropriate ways to lift, turn, and re-
position the patient; advising on nutrition, cleanliness, and housekeeping.

Records patient information by making entries in the patient journal; notifying nursing supervisor of changing
or unusual conditions.

Maintains a safe, secure, and healthy patient environment by following standards and procedures; maintaining
security precautions; following prescribed dietary requirements and nutrition standards;

Protects the home care agency by adhering to professional standards, home care policies and procedures,
federal, state, and local requirements.

Accomplishments
I was able to impress my supervisor and clients with my energy. Actually, the energy was simply a reflection
of the genuine interest that I had in the job. If I am anything, I am authentic. 

Preparing for a future in medicine, I know that concerned family members are very quick-to-judge when they
sense that there is a lack of dedication or commitment. My authenticity was highlighted through the respect
that I showed for my clients, and their family. As a result, clients and their family liked working with me and
supervisors knew that I could be counted-upon.

Skills Used
Good communication, effective leadership and management, teamwork and interpersonal skills

Medical File Clerk

Mercy Home Care Inc  -  Cherry Hill, NJ - August 2013 to December 2013

Responsibilities
Gathers patient information by collecting demographic information from a variety of sources; interacting with
registration areas and physicians' offices; retrieving information from automated printer.

Maintains master patient index by completing assigned portion of daily audit trail; corrects and communicates
problems according to established procedures.

Initiates the medical record by creating and processing the patient care record folder.

Maintains  record  availability  by  processing  charts  into  the  department;  using  chart  mark-off  procedures;
facilitating chart location activities.

Retrieves medical records by following chart-out procedures; documenting reasons charts cannot be retrieved
for statistical and follow-up purposes.

Accomplishments
I was able to impress my supervisors with my strong eye for detail and my familiarity with electronic medical
records management from my years of volunteering there. 

Able to maintain confidentiality I filed completed medical records in the minimum time, and maintained a 99%
accuracy rate in filing of loose reports. 

Skills Used
Time  Management,  Organization,  Attention  to  Detail,  Quality  Focus,  Professionalism,  Productivity,
Thoroughness, Coordination, Deadline-Oriented, Internal Communications, Reporting Skills

EDUCATION

Associate's in Health Science
Camden County College - Blackwood, NJ
2015 to 2018

High School Diploma
Dr. Charles E. Brimm Medical Arts - Camden, NJ
2010 to 2014

SKILLS

Microsoft Office (10+ years), Industrious (10+ years), People Person (10+ years), Customer Service (3
years), Problem Solving (10+ years), Communication (10+ years), Detail Oriented (10+ years), Patient Care
(1 year), Medical Terminology (Less than 1 year), CPR Certified (Less than 1 year)

CERTIFICATIONS

Certified Home Health Aide
August 2015 to August 2017

CPR Certification

February 2016 to February 2018
This card certifies that the above individual has successfully completed the cognitive and skills evaluations in
accordance with the curriculum of the American Heart Association BLS for Healthcare Providers (CPR and
AED) Program.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

I am a part-time student at Camden County College. I am seeking Day time shifts as I am currently employed
by night. My availability during the day on Mondays through Fridays is 9am to 3pm.

