Gbadjo Suzanne Nina Gahou

I m a former secretary accustomed to work at multiple task.

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Gbadjo-Suzanne-Nina-Gahou/910d33d42c47a179

I work for about one year as a volunteer secretary in a foundation which aim was to help women in need having
a small amount of money to start a business in order to provide for their families. 
I even work as secretary too in a school where I was at multiple task . 
From those experiences I know I can work at any-job that I will be face with as , cashier, retailers, housekeeping,
secretary.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Extended Stay Hotels  -  Horsham, PA - April 2016 to Present

Responsibilities
Cleaning guest room.

Accomplishments
Help to eccomplished the hotel to stay the best .

Skills Used
Working very hard with technical skill

Secretary Assistant
Foundation/ High School  -  Cote d ivoirienne - February 2012 to Present

Responsibilities in foundation
Receiving people in majority women, answering to phone, registered them, going on field to see if they were
really  in  need.  After  inquiries,  the  director  give  his  approval  and  then  we  gave  them  the  money  to  start  a
business. After two weeks I go to collect the the found each week for another woman who can also start a
business. Sometime I m erects advisor when they face some trouble.i did it for about one year and half when
I start another job where I was paid.

Responsibilities in the high school
Receiving  people,  answering  to  phone,selling  books  and  school  items,  nursing.',  ringing  the  bells,  doing
accounting for workers salaries,treating minor injuries,taking care of student for extra schoolar activities.

Accomplishments
In the foundation they still working on the files I have created to well identify the needs of women and their
evolution at work.
In the High school the director is more attentive to the need of the student and likely open to my ex coworkers
as I advice him to work hand to hand for a better result.

Skills Used
The professionalism , ponctuality, doing perfectly my task, listening to the need of each other's . Acting as
required.

Volunteer Work/secretary
Foundation/High school  -  Cote D Ivoire - June 2012 to October 2015

EDUCATION

Masters

SKILLS

Learn very fast and can do multiple task

