Jasmine Walker

housekeeping - Hampton inn philadephia international Airport

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jasmine-Walker/f3545ca7bb02a7e6

To provide a clean, safe and comfortable environment which gives a feeling of
security and reassurance to guest.

WORK EXPERIENCE

housekeeping
Hampton inn philadephia international Airport  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2014 to Present

Philadelphia, pa
Clean rooms, hallways, lobbies, lounges, restrooms, corridors, elevators,
stairways, locker rooms, and other work areas so that health standards are met.
Carry linens, towels, toilet items, and cleaning supplies, using wheeled carts.
Replenish supplies, such as drinking glasses, linens, writing supplies, and bathroom items.

Caregiver
Jevs At Home   -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2012 to March 2013

Responsibilities
Assisted  senior  clients  with  Activities  of  Daily  Living.  care,  meals,  housekeeping,  medication  reminders,
grocery shopping, escorted to doctor's appointments and engaged in daily activities, including organizing mail,
managing appointments, reading newspaper and exercising.

Skills
• Demonstrated ability to encourage everyday activities in keeping with the client’s needs

• Adept at preparing and serving nutritious meals

• Track record of providing conversation and companionship in a respectful manner

janitor
future footprint childcare center  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2011 to September 2011

Philadelphia, pa
Clean building floors by sweeping, mopping, scrubbing, or vacuuming.
Clean windows, glass partitions, or mirrors, using soapy water or other
cleaners, sponges, or squeegees.
Gather and empty trash.

janitor
Cleveland elementary school  -  Philadelphia, PA - December 2008 to May 2009

Philadelphia, pa
Service, clean, or supply restrooms.
Gather and empty trash.
Clean windows, glass partitions, or mirrors, using soapy water or other
cleaners, sponges, or squeegees.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma
Simon Gratz High School - Philadelphia, PA
June 2009

