Kellie Edwards

Housekeeping

Chester, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kellie-Edwards/e4fa74e005b7d5eb

Knowledge of principles and processes for providing employer and customer services. This includes employer
and customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of employer and
customer satisfaction. Reliable, responsible, and dependable, and fulfilling obligations. Careful about detail
and thorough in completing work tasks. Worked independently or in a team environment.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Aramark  -  Chester, PA - February 2009 to May 2012

Dietary Aide
Fair Acres  -  Lima, PA - June 2008 to August 2009

Knowledgeable with all federal, state, and facility regulations regarding sanitation and infection control.
➢ Cleaned and sanitized kitchen area, equipment, utensils, dishes, or silverware.
➢ Stored food in designated containers and storage areas to prevent spoilage.
➢ Prepared a variety of foods, such as meats, vegetables, or desserts, according to customers' orders or
supervisors' instructions, following approved procedures.
➢ Took and record temperature of food and food storage areas, such as refrigerators and freezers.
➢ Washed, peeled, and cut various foods, such as fruits and vegetables, to prepare for cooking or serving.
➢ Prepared trays and serving patients on their beds unable to come to dining rooms.
➢ Adhered to all safety rules and regulations.

Cashier / Customer Service
Springfield, PA - May 1998 to February 2003

Custodian
Macy's  -  Springfield, PA - June 1998 to December 1999

Cleaned and sanitized rooms, hallways, lobbies, lounges, restrooms, corridors, stairways, locker rooms, and
other work areas so that health standards are met.
➢ Emptied wastebaskets, empty and clean ashtrays, and transport other trash and waste to disposal areas.
➢ Replenished supplies, such as drinking glasses, linens, writing supplies, and bathroom items.
➢ Washed windows, walls, glass partitions, fixtures, mirrors, and woodwork.
➢ Also dusted and polished furniture and equipment as necessary.
➢ Swept, mopped and, wax, and vacuumed floors.
➢ Organized and prioritized tasks assigned by the employer.
➢ Ensured adequate stock of cleaning supplies.
➢ Maintained clean storage area for equipment and supplies.
➢ Other duties as assigned.

Irene Variety  -  Chester, PA - September 1997 to September 1998

Greeted customers entering establishments.
➢ Received payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.
➢ Issued receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers.
➢ Assisted customers by providing information and resolving their complaints.

➢ Established or identified prices of goods, services or admission, and tabulate bills using calculators, cash
registers, or optical price scanners.
➢ Processed merchandise returns and exchanges.
➢ Stocked shelves, and mark prices on shelves and items.
➢ Counted money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there
is adequate change.

EDUCATION

High School Diploma
Chester High School - Chester, PA

