Lucy DeJesus

Wilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Lucy-DeJesus/f7ccdd85779574da

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Cleaning specialist
Cystal clean cleaning inc.  -  Newark, NJ - March 2015 to Present

Supervise  work  activities  of  cleaning  personnel  to  ensure  clean,  orderly,  and  attractive  rooms  in  hotels,
hospitals, educational institutions, and similar establishments. Assign duties, inspect work, and investigate
complaints  regarding  housekeeping  service  and  equipment  and  take  corrective  action.  May  purchase
housekeeping supplies and equipment, take periodic inventories, screen applicants, train new employees, and
recommend dismissals.

Operations Assistant Manager
Harbor Freight Tools  -  Sharon Hill, PA - May 2011 to October 2014

Responsibilities
Manage  day  to  day  process,  oversee  and  monitoring  the  truck  receiving,  manage  stock  levels,  make  key
decisions, ensure guidelines and procedures are followed, implement safety conditions, delegate authority,
insure staffing levels, control labor and p&l, provide a great customer experience, etc.

Accomplishments
Started as a cashier work my way up the ladder. Moved to Sharon hill, pa. With a promotion. Sales went up
2%, customer name value was up by 31%, Returns and defects went down 9%. from a 48%.

Skills Used
Time management. Fork lift truck certified. Translating for Spanish speaking customer's.

Customer Service manager
WalMart  -  New Castle, DE - December 2007 to February 2011

Responsibilities
Advise customers, answer customer inquiries, arrange merchandise display, clean work area, demonstrate
leadership, provide great customer service, greet customers, insect merchandise, manage inventories, use
computers to enter access and retrieve data, key holder, etc.

Restaurant Assistant manager
McDonald's  -  Claymont, DE - December 2007 to January 2011

Responsibilities
Assign employees to specific duties, direct and supervise employees, enforce safety, health and security rules,
hire, train, and evaluate personal, inventory stock, provide customer service, etc.

EDUCATION

Glasgow High School - Glasgow, DE
1992 to 1995

