Natesha Tucker

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Natesha-Tucker/33ef1b2177060571

To obtain a position as a Maintenance Engineer/Housekeeping
within a management or a health facility services capacity.

Summary Of my qualifications: I perform the following duties such as cleaned rooms
and maintain patient care. I also interact with the patients, played games and feed them.
I refer to the computer when needed for the patient room numbers and other personnel needs. I have computer
skills such as excel, word, and SQL data base. I used my CPR skills to help take the patient temperature,
blood pressure and the heart rate.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Sleep Inn  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2016 to May 2016

Housekeeping
Caring Heart  -  Philadelphia, PA - December 2012 to June 2014

I took care of patients in which I clean them and feed them to. I also was responsible for maintaining their
blood pressure, temperature, and heart rate. I had to schedule appointments and made sure they were ready
for everyday task.
I also gave out medication

Private Caregiver
Pennsylvania Caring Agency  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2009 to May 2012

I took care of elderly patients. I feed, clean, clothes patients. I made sure that are necessary appointment were
made and kept. And meds were given on time. I interacted with each patient. I file and prepare medical charts,
retrieve and perform all clerical duties associated with retention, maintenance, and disposition. I also utilize
the computer to charge out and check in patients.

File Room Technician/Special Care Unit
St Christopher Hospital For Children  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2007 to June 2008

I used guardianship and control all administrative and medical records.
I also utilize the computer to charge out, and check in records and re-file returned records. I use the filing
guides, or other appropriate locator number or other identification in order to obtain records from the files. I had
to keep focus and pay attention so that all file was put in the proper place. I provided excellent communication
skills showing courteous, concern and compassion when dealing with the patient so I could ensure their family
members that they were safe and in good hands.

Home Health Aide
Lamunda's Manor  -  Philadelphia, PA - April 2006 to August 2007

Aid Assistance - I was responsible for various duties, such as taking care of patients. Cleaning their rooms
and bathrooms making sure that their meds was giving to them on time. I feed them and made sure they kept
all appointment and schedule follow up when needed.

EDUCATION

Ceritifcation in Housekeeping aide
Oic Philadelphia  - Philadelphia, PA
2015 to 2015

Diploma in Medical
Olney High School - Philadelphia, PA
2006 to 2009

SKILLS

Housekeeping attdeant (4 years)

AWARDS

Oic Philadelphia
October 2015
Highest Gpa
Most improved in life skills

