Presline Canel

Housekeeping

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Presline-Canel/b8da5a9b7e16fd37

My objective is to utilize my stellar personality, tenacity and ability to communicate effectively, to
secure a position in the public relations and to encounter new challenges, learn new skills, and
enhance the skills I have so I can continue work efficiently and grow professionally.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Arthur Jackson  -  Upper Darby, PA - December 2013 to March 2014

Behavior Health Counselor
Hospital University of Penn@Penn Presbyterian Medical Center - September 2013 to September 2013

O
bserved patients, listened to their concerns, recorded their behaviors and modified the patient's

actions.
● • Checked vital signs, helped with daily living activities, and conducted group therapy sessions.

● • Interviewed patients and assisted upon admission process, recorded data obtained, participated

in treatment planning, ensured precaution protocols were followed.
● • Reported all areas of concern regarding patient's mental or psychical status to charge nurse.

● • Monitored patients and completed rounds as assigned, restrained patients to prevent injury to

themselves or others when needed.
●

Student Success Center Leadership
Pa SSCLA Student Success Center  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2011 to September 2012

Leadership Academy Works there for 4 years straight Proficient in Microsoft words and excel Help others with
résumé, research and homework File and secretary at the same
time August 2011 to September 2012

Dispatcher
Allied Barton Security Services/ Penn Presbyterian Medical Center - May 2009 to February 2011

Maintained open lines of communication with the Director of Security, Operations manager and

Watch Commander to assist in solving problems and enhancing the level of security at the Hospital.
● • Promoted Safety and security Awareness, manage and coordinate vehicle transports, monitor

CCTV  console  and  DVR  units  during  shift.  Monitor  all  panic,  door  contact,  fire  system,  generator,  and
temperature and MedGas alarms dispatching appropriate response personnel.
● • Maintained a level of visibility; remained alert to persons in need of assistance. Control Access

to facility. Relays voice communication requests and security responses from incoming telephone
calls related to site operations using proper telephone and radio etiquette at all times.
●
● Community Options: Counselor Langhorne, Pa Working with the disabled, making sure
they get to their appointments on time and also take their medications on time. Cook,
clean, bathed them, take them outside for fresh air and tour around the city. Education and

EDUCATION

Henry Lea Middle School Middle school gradution - Philadelphia, PA
2001 to 2004

High School Diploma
HS Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

● Arthur Jackson &co Worked in housekeeping Kept the area clean and under supervision
Work there for a year and 3months
● Community Options Work with the disabled People with cerebral palsy and mental health
and much more Give them their medication, make sure they get to their appointments.
Cook and clean for them, and attend to their needs.
● Student Success Center WPHS Work there for four years straight through high School
Proficient in Microsoft words and Microsoft excel Help other students with resumes,
research, homework and much more File and secretary duty at the same time.
● Affinity Healthcare Solutions Work as a CNA with consumers in their home I am CPR
certified, First aid, Phlebotomy certified and also EKG certified.

kills:
Microsoft word, Microsoft note, Microsoft excel, Microsoft access, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft
publisher, Microsoft outlook

