Robert Dickson

West Deptford, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Robert-Dickson/a4b55f97bfb0f84b

I have strong housekeeping and front of the house experience. My work history and education have provided
me  the  opportunity  to  work  in  several  environments  including  hotels,  long  term  care  facilities,  educational
institutions and acute care hospitals/trauma facilities. I have led large teams of professionals in both Union
and non Union environments alike. My goal is to movee the company as well as myself forward and achieve
personal and professional growth.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Associate Director of Housekeeping
Revel Hotel and Casino - July 2012 to September 2014

Responsibilities
Was hired as a lead executive level leader as part of the opening team at Revel. One of two Assistant Directors
in Atlantic City's premiere Hotel and Casino. Responsible for all hiring of new staff, discipline of employees and
training of twenty housekeeping supervisors. Ensured all employees final punch results were correct before
submission to payroll. authorized to bring all supply and general contractors in for Revel ordering. 

Accomplishments
Directly responsible for hiring the housekeeping staff. Determined what areas of the hotel each staff member
worked to utilize strengths and trained to help individuals with areas of weakness. Trained supervisors on new
housekeeping system utilizing state of the art IPad housekeeping system.

Skills Used
Leadership skills and the ability to adjust to over 250 individual personalities on a daily basis.

Director of Rooms
Fitzpatrick Hotel Group - 2011 to 2012

Responsibilities
Responsible for all housekeeping, laundry, front office and bellman duties. Oversaw all ordering and training
in all departments. 

Accomplishments
Streamlined  check  in  and  check  out  procedure  at  the  front  desk.  Instituted  a  seven  step  room  cleaning
procedure to ensure all housekeeping professionals were cleaning rooms in a consistent fashion. Worked
alongside two of the strongest unions to get all new operations approved by the General Manager and union
management. All line level employees accepted the changes and embraced all new ideas as trust was earned
and given.

Skills Used
Prior knowledge of housekeeping operations was used to update an antiquated housekeeping department.
Having a positive attitude helped in an extraordinary way to get all front desk changes accepted by staff and
the overall treatment with respect was embraced by all line level staff.

Director of Overnight Operations

Four Seasons Hotels  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2006 to 2008

Responsibilities
Worked as the Director of Overnight Operations. Responsible for preparing all reports for next business day,
all guest concerns both hotel and room service, restaurant. All front desk training is done on the overnight.
Was responsible for an outside contractor for all housekeeping duties in first impression areas to include the
beautiful lobby, front desk area and all corridors on ground level. All back of the house corridors as well.. All
communication to department heads that included direct guest issues was reported by me to the department
head and copied to the Director of Rooms, Food and Beverage, engendering and the General Manager. As
communication is the most important necessity in the service industry.

Accomplishments
Totally revamped the cleaning routine on the overnight. Ensured the supervisor for the contractor made rounds
twice nightly with me to be sure work was completed and new assignments could be measured upon inspection
of nightly duties.

Skills Used
Mainly used past experience and leadership skills as well as communication to ensure all goals were reached.

Director of Housekeeping
Congress Hall Hotel and Resort  -  Cape May, NJ - 2003 to 2006

Responsibilities
Managed all housekeeping and laundry operations for Congress Hall, New Jerseys only five star hotel. Worked
as Assistant General Manager and Manager on Duty when needed directly responsible for ordering all supplies
to include bedding, towels for both hotel and pool. 

Accomplishments
Instituted a seven step room cleaning procedure which was imperative as staff changed yearly. All staff were
J-1 visa employees from othe countries. Provided a 24 hour laundry operation to ensure no back up of any
Linen. Ensured all payroll was complete on a weekly basis.

Skills Used
Had to be on the top of your game as I was in a resort environment and the speed of the resort was never
slow. A 12 hour work day, 6 day work week was expected for those 4 months per year.

Assistant Director of Housekeeping
UNICCO @ University of Pennsylvania  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2001 to 2003

Responsibilities
Responsible for all housekeeping duties at the University of Pennsylvania. Ensured all supervisors duties were
explained and carried out nightly. All clock in and out procedures were also monitored at the end of my shift
and forwarded to payroll. Communicated any complaints by UofP staff members to ensure all expectations
were met and exceeded.

Housekeeping Shift Manager
Aramark at The University of Maryland Medical Systems  -  Baltimore, MD - 1999 to 2001

Responsibilities
Housekeeping shift manager at Aramarks premiere account. Trained all staff members in each department
within the housekeeping department. Inspected 20 operating suites on a nightly basis to ensure total sanitary
environment is upheld. Lead a team of professional in the intense Shock Trauma facility, a level IV trauma
center. 

Accomplishments
Lead over 100 employees on a nightly basis and worked with a demanding Union to ensure management and
union were working as a team.

Director of Environmental Services
Greenbriar Nursing and Rehabilitation Center  -  Deptford, NJ - 1996 to 1999

Responsibilities
Lead  a  team  of  housekeeping  and  laundry  professionals.  Created  a  seven  step  room  cleaning  procedure
to ensure all housekeepers are cleaning in the same manor. This ensures all rooms and areas have total
continuity and makes for a streamlined inspection process. Understood and was part of 4 state inspections
and was responsible for all JCAHO accreditations.

Accomplishments
Revamped an antiquated laundry facility and process. Was responsible for the process of procuring capital
funds to purchase all new equipment and choose a contractor to ensure the work was done quickly and by
the government specs.

EDUCATION

Bachelor's in Business Administration
Rowan University - Glassboro, NJ
1994 to 1998

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: U.S.Army
Rank: E-4
April 1991 to February 1994
Assigned to the 10th Mountain Division. Served on two major deployments including combat detachment to
Somalia , Africa. Attached to the 2nd Ranger Batallion and was part of what later became known as Black
Hawk Down. Also served in South Florida during Hurricane Andrew. Provided security and helped to r establish
a calm and reassuring sense of life as we know it.

GROUPS

Zeta Phi Epsilon
September 1990 to May 1991
Pledged Zeta Phi Epsilon at Bloomfield College.

