Thomas Holland

Upper Darby, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Thomas-Holland/2d851dc43608f085

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Housekeeping
Careers U>S>A  -  Media, PA - January 2016 to Present

Responsibilities
Dust mopping , cleaning 

Accomplishments
specialize in floors , cleaning 

Skills Used
stripping , waxing, dusting , shinning , mopping

Environmental Services/Deitary Worker
Taylor Hospital  -  Ridley Park, PA - September 2009 to September 2013

Responsibilities
Serviced, cleaned, or supplied restrooms. Gathered and emptied trash. Cleaned building floors by sweeping ,
mopping,  scrubbing,  or  vacuuming.  Following  procedures  for  the  use  of  chemical  cleaners  and  power
equipment to prevent damage to floors and fixtures. Stripped, sealed, finshed, and polished floors Cleaned
Windows, glass partition, or mirrors, using sponges, or squeegees.Steamed cleaned or shampooed carpet.
Cleaning and polished furniture and fixtures. Dusted furniture, walls, machines, or equipment. Moved heavy
furniture, equipment, or supplies , either manually or by using hand truck. 

Accomplishments
Professional with extensive providing janitorial services. 

Skills Used
Skills in floors care, Trash Removal and general lawn care. Seeking employment utilizing skills and experience
towards growth potential.

Environmental Services
Delaware County Memorial Hospital  -  Drexel Hill, PA - June 2006 to September 2009

Responsibilities
Serviced, cleaned, or supplied restrooms. Gathered and emptied trash. Cleaned building floors by sweeping,
mopping,  scrubbing,  or  vacuuming.  Following  procedures  for  the  use  of  chemical  cleaners  and  power
equipment to prevent damage to floors and fixtures. Stripped, sealed, finished, and polished floors. Set up
arranged,  or  removed  decorations,  tables,  ladders,  or  scaffolding  to  prepare  facilities  for  events,  such  as
banquets  or  meetings.Cleaned  and  polished  furniture,  and  fixtures.  Moved  heavy  furniture,  equipment,  or
supplies  ,  either  manually  or  by  using  hand  truck  .cleaned  and  restore  building  interiors  damaged  by  fire,
smoke, or water, using commercial cleaning equipment. 
)

Accomplishments
Professional with experience to providing my services. Extensive movation and very worker and eager to learn
new task.

Skills Used
Floor  care  Trash  Removaol  Dietary  Worker  Sanitation/  Sterilization  Snow  Removal  Lawn  care  Laundry
Department  Biohazard  Trash  Removal  Moving  heavy  equipment,  furniture.  Discharge  patients  rooms  and
maintain  the  area  and  cleaning  bathrooms.Bonget  Carpet  Extract  Carpet  Auto  Scrub/Burning  Hallways
Cleaning Windows, glass partitions, mirrors using sponges, or squeegees.

Environmental Services/Dietary/Laundry
Mercy Fitzgerald Hospital  -  Darby, PA - September 1988 to November 2006

Responsibilities
Service, cleaned or supplies restrooms. Gatheredl and emptied trash. Cleaned building floors by sweeping ,
mopping, scrubbing, or vacuuming. Following procedures for the use of chemical cleaner and power equipment
to  prevent  damage  to  floors  and  fixtures.  Stripped,  sealed,  waxing,  and  polished  floors.  Mixed  water  and
detergents or acaids in containers to prepare cleaning solutions, according to specifications.Cleaned Windows,
glass partitions, or mirrors , using soapy water or other cleaners, sponges, squeegees.

Accomplishments
Good professional skills by working with manager and co-worker and help and utilizing my care with a smile
and willing to be the best that I can be.

Skills Used
Floor Care Trash Removal Cleaning Offices Using equipment for floors Discharge Rooms Biohazard Trash
Laundry Department landscape Snow Removal Working Kitchen.

EDUCATION

Communicatoons
Chester High School - Chester, PA
1978 to 1982

SKILLS

Floor Care (10+ years)

MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: Army
Rank: PR1
September 1982 to October 1982
BASIC Training

Commendations:
N/A

