Alex Kalyan

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Alex-Kalyan/f0dfeac70fe6a619

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist
Children's Hospital of Philadelphia  -  Philadelphia, PA

Responsibilities
Verify medication orders
- Using EPIC system to verify each medication order for correct dose, indication, and enforce strict formulary
guidelines 
for drug use, administration, and adverse event monitoring. 
- Using Lab results and pharmacokinetic tools help clinicians adjust doses for optimal therapy outcomes of
selected drugs. 
- Provide health care professionals with drug information questions including proper administration, proper
storage and compatibility of drugs.
- Provide assistance to residents in reconciling patient's outpatient medications for appropriate conversion to
hospital formulary where appropriate and approving home use if not on formulary. 
- Research and provide information on the use of non-formulary medication through the use of pubmed and
uptodate sources and getting clinical pharmacy approval for such medication. 
Production Process
Certified in Aseptic Technique
Certified in the use of RIVA (robotic IV administration)
Certified in the use of SwissLog oral products robot
Certified in the use of DoseEdge system for drug preparation and verification
Certified in the handling, preparation and disposal of Chemotherapy and Hazardous drugs. 
On daily basis ensure that the correct medication reaches the correct patient on time every time.

Accomplishments
Projects
-Participated in LEAN training and well versed in LEAN principles. 
-Participated in the department's rapid process improvement projects to analyze current process flows and
come up with workable solutions which than become standard operating procedures. 
-Participated in Hospital Wide Safety training and received certification. 

Skills Used
Attention to detail
Patient Safety 
Pharmacokinetics

EDUCATION

pharmd in Pharmacy
philadelphia college of pharmacy and science - Philadelphia, PA
1997 to 2003

