Amy Neugent

Staff Pharmacist - Virtua-West Jersey Health System

Maple Shade, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Amy-Neugent/24672123cfe1df9e

I am a licensed Pharmacist with 23 years of hospital pharmacy experience, committed to providing quality
pharmaceutical care as an essential link in disease management.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
Virtua-West Jersey Health System - August 1992 to Present

multiple divisions
Demonstrated versatility in working at various divisions, in several different shifts. Promoting safe and effective
age-specific drug therapy by reviewing and evaluating physician orders. Responsibilities include: providing
drug information; following established and policies and procedures; adhering to state, federal regulations and
JCAHO standards, clarifying orders; educating associates, patients and families; performing clinical functions;
therapeutic substitutions; supervising ancillary pharmacy associates; ensures the provision of processes to
optimize pharmaceutical care, including minimizing the risk of adverse events and medication errors. Duties
also include utilizing CPOE to ensure all orders are correct and justified, troubleshooting problems with Pyxis
machines, insuring that all medications leaving the department are correct. Thorough knowledge of all aspects
of IV clean room requirements and IV sterile products preparation.

Staff Pharmacist
Virtua-West Jersey Health System  -  Camden, NJ - March 2007 to April 2014

Experienced  in  providing  all  aspects  of  pharmaceutical  care  in  pediatrics,  neonates,  ob/gyn,  geriatrics,
transplant, dialysis, cancer and cardiothoracic surgical patients. Promoting safe and effective age-specific drug
therapy by reviewing and evaluating physician orders. Responsibilities include: providing drug information;
following  established  and  policies  and  procedures;  adhering  to  state,  federal  regulations  and  pertinent
accrediting bodies;
clarifying  orders;  educating  associates,  patients  and  families;  performing  clinical  functions;  therapeutic
substitutions;  supervising  ancillary  pharmacy  associates;  ensures  the  provision  of  processes  to  optimize
pharmaceutical care, including minimizing the risk of adverse events and medication errors.

Pharmacy Technician
Virtua-West Jersey Health System  -  Marlton, NJ - September 1987 to August 1992

Duties Included: unit-dose, medication cart filling, and delivery of medication to nursing
units, IV admixture, filling of department orders.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy
Temple University School of Pharmacy - Philadelphia, PA
1992

CERTIFICATIONS

NJ licensed pharmacist
April 2017

CPR Certification
July 2017

