Andrea McDonough

Pharmacist - JEFFERSON APOTHECARY / JEFFERSON PHARMACY- Thomas
Jefferson University Hospital

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Andrea-McDonough/ed891f677ad0b7a9

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist
JEFFERSON APOTHECARY / JEFFERSON PHARMACY- Thomas Jefferson University Hospital  -
Philadelphia, PA - 2013 to Present

Supports the pharmacy team by filling in staff pharmacist shifts where needed in a retail
pharmacy environment.
• Verify the accuracy of prescription fills and correct as necessary.
• Assists in the daily reconciliation log of dispensed narcotics.

Office Team Leader
GROWTH OPPORTUNITY CENTER  -  Southampton, PA - 2009 to 2013

Perform medical billing for outpatient services for 85 independently contracted therapists and physicians.
• Leads an office staff of 6 to ensure workplace efficiency.
• Intake new patients and triage calls to appropriate provider. Verify all incoming and established patients'
mental health benefits through their health insurance company.
• Consult with co-workers, physicians and therapists regarding patient concerns.
• Created efficiencies in various processes, including workflow (from intake to provider
assignment), billing of certain health insurance companies, and phone call channeling.

Staff Pharmacist
PHARMACY - Richboro and Bensalem  -  Bensalem, PA - 2000 to 2008

Accomplishments
✓ Implemented process changes to increase pharmacy performance metrics resulting in one of the highest
scoring pharmacies in the district.
✓ Trained 5 pharmacy interns to become successful pharmacists.
✓ One of the first pharmacists in the district to become proficient in the Innovations
Dispensing System; trained other pharmacists and staff in its operation and maintenance.

!
✓ Created a technician appreciation program, which increased teamwork and efficiency.
Broad scope of responsibility
• Accurately and efficiently filled patient prescriptions, including preparation of compound
pharmaceuticals, at exceptionally busy pharmacy locations averaging 2400 to 3000+
prescriptions weekly.
• Assisted patients in person and by phone, providing excellent customer service in fast-paced
environments.
• Supported managing pharmacist in supervising a staff of 10, including pharmacy interns.
• Performed clinical review of initial coverage determination and re-determinations on Non-
Formulary, Prior Authorization, Quantity Limit, Step Therapy and Tier Exception requests.
andreamcd622@gmail.com
!

Staff Pharmacist - CVS Pharmacy )
• Entered patient and prescription information into computer and resolved any insurance,
Medicare and Medicaid issues via RX 2000.
• Counseled patients on:
…• Drug therapies to ensure compliance, including but not limited to, hypertension,
diabetes, dyslipidemia, asthma, osteoporosis, pain management, and smoking cessation.
…• Prescriptions, including proper use, potential benefits of therapy, adverse effects, and drug interactions.
…• Over-the-counter products, including the proper use of blood glucose monitoring
!
systems.
• Adhered to all federal and state regulations involving the dispensing of controlled
medications.
• Specialized in inventory control, including ordering, delivery, audits, documentation and forecasting.
• Communicated policy and procedure changes, system enhancements, and clinical updates to staff.
• Collaborated and built professional relationships with other area healthcare professionals
(physicians, pharmacists, nurses, insurance companies, hospitals, medical offices).
• Developed and maintained expertise in Medicare Part D program as related to pharmacy
program applications.
• Selected as Pharmacy Intern Preceptor; instructed intern in patient counseling, including
proper medications usage, potential therapy benefits, adverse effects and drug interactions.
Mentored in compounding dosage forms, and federal & state regulations. Assessed
performance and provided feedback.
• Served as a Floater Pharmacist from 2004 to 2005 working at several locations as needed.
Recognized for exceeding corporate performance metrics as a Floater.
• Ensured a neat and orderly pharmacy workspace.
!

Pharmacy Manager
ECKERD PHARMACY  -  Conshohocken, PA - 1999 to 2000

Initially hired as a floater and advanced to manage a district pharmacy with 6 employees,
including pharmacists and support staff.
• Accurately and efficiently filled approximately 1200 prescriptions each week.
• Trained all pharmacy personnel with an emphasis on patient care.
•  Identified  and  implemented  process  improvements  that  increased  operational  efficiency  and  customer
satisfaction.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy
UNIVERSITY OF THE SCIENCES IN PHILADELPHIA
1999

Pharmacy Internship
TORRESDALE CAMPUS - Philadelphia, PA

