Damien Reali

Clinical & Patient Care Pharmacist - Bayhealth

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Damien-Reali/91f5a9b382edd6c3

Licensed  pharmacist  in  Pennsylvania,  Delaware,  and  New  Jersey  with  three  years  of  hospital  experience
seeking a pharmacist position in the Philadelphia area.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist
The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2015 to Present

Provides  clinical  support  and  distribution  services  in  coordination  with  physician  and  nursing  services  in
delivering quality and cost effective drug therapy to patients.
Interprets and evaluates medication orders to prepare, calculate, and dispense appropriate medication dosage
forms for inpatient and outpatient therapy.
Verifies the proper preparation and production of sterile products by technicians using aseptic technique.
Trained in Lean Six Sigma principles and 5S methodology.
Proficient in Epic computer software.

Clinical & Patient Care Pharmacist
Bayhealth  -  Milford, DE - November 2012 to Present

Designs, implements, monitors, and evaluates patient and age-specific pharmacotherapy with regards to Total
Parenteral Nutrition, Aminoglycoside and Vancomycin dosing, and Coumadin dosing.
• Responsible for the development of optimal pain management treatment plans of inpatients requiring acute
pain management.
• Member of the Pharmacist-staffed Anticoagulation Clinic monitoring INR's, educating patients, and devising
patient-specific Coumadin dose regimens.
• Member of the peer interview team in hiring new pharmacists and technicians.
• Responsible for mentoring pharmacy students, pharmacy residents, and new pharmacists.
• Review prescriber's orders for appropriateness relative to the patient's lab values, allergies, height, weight,
and age.
• Order entry and review of chemotherapeutic agents.
• Utilizes the full functionality, which includes allergy, duplicate therapy, drug-drug interaction, dosage range,
IV incompatibility and food-drug interaction screening of the automated order entry system to facilitate accurate
and timely medication/solution distribution and administration.
• Prepares medications and maintains competency to prepare sterile solution admixtures when necessary.
• Provides accurate drug information to medical and ancillary hospital staff.
• Reviews medication prepared for distribution by technicians with respect to accuracy, appropriateness, and
timeliness.
• Proficient in Computerized Physician Order Entry (McKesson)

Staff Pharmacist
Rite Aid  -  Ardmore, PA - December 2011 to May 2012

Consulted  with  physicians  and  patients  with  regard  to  medication  dosage,  drug  interactions,  medical
equipment, disease management and potential side effects of prescription and OTC drugs.

• Dispensed and compounded prescriptions and maintained accurate patient records, dosing information and
directions for use.
• Interacted with insurance providers regarding billing and reimbursement issues.
• Maintained inventory of controlled substances
• Operated and maintained ScriptPro equipment

Process Development Chemist
Lonza Inc  -  Conshohocken, PA - September 2005 to July 2007

Performed process optimization experiments and purification for commercial synthesis of several advanced
pharmaceutical intermediates and API's for major Pharmaceutical companies.
• Worked on developing and optimizing processes for several drug substances including an antihistamine and
others aimed to treat conditions including chronic spasticity and malignant hyperthermia, allergies and asthma
(popular drug on the market), and OCD and depressive disorder.
• Conducted laboratory experiments to test raw materials for critical steps to support production batches and
analyzed data under the direct supervision of a senior scientist.
•  Worked  with  other  R&D  Chemists,  engineers,  Quality  Assurance  representatives,  and  Quality  Control
chemists to develop significant process improvement ideas.
• Understood and worked in complete compliance with all cGMP, OSHA, FDA, and other safety regulations,
and industrial SOPs.
• Wrote monthly reports of experimental works as needed to meet group objectives and client needs.

EDUCATION

Doctor of Pharmacy
Temple University School of Pharmacy - Philadelphia, PA
August 2007 to May 2011

Bachelor's in Science, Chemistry
Lycoming College - Williamsport, PA
2001 to 2005

