Dennis Soffin

Staff Pharmacist - CuraScript

Pilesgrove, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dennis-Soffin/c8f2e6ed4660e726

Patient  service-oriented  Pharmacist  with  Bachelors  of  Pharmacy  degree  and  advanced  certification  in
Pharmacist Immunization Delivery. Strong background in clinical pharmacology and patient medication therapy
management. Currently licensed in New Jersey and Delaware.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
CuraScript  -  New Castle, DE - February 2011 to Present

Interpreted and evaluated the validity and safety of medication orders and prescriptions over 4000 per day
Oversaw the pharmacy technicians' drug preparation and distribution activities to provide safe, efficient care
for patients.

Consistently upheld proper pharmacy and general safety procedures and standards.
Effectively prioritized tasks and organized work-flow to increase efficiency.

Staff Pharmacist
Walgreens  -  Pennsville, NJ - December 2007 to July 2011

Properly filled and dispensed an average of 300-500 prescriptions per day.
Conducted blood pressure screenings and counseled patients on hypertension.
Administered influenza, pneumonia, and Zostavax vaccinations.
Translated pharmacy communications for Spanish and French speaking customers nationwide.
Compounded and repackaged medications, including unit-doses, topical medications and sterile products.

Pharmacy Manager
Acme Sav-on  -  Pilesgrove, NJ - December 1997 to December 2007

Properly filled and dispensed an average of 100-200 prescriptions per day.
Provided critical information and advice to customers regarding possible drug interactions, side effects, dosage
and proper medication storage.

Provided  specialized  services  to  help  patients  manage  conditions  such  as  diabetes,  asthma,  smoking
cessation and high blood pressure.

Helped achieve pharmacy business objectives by increasing sales and gross margins by 25% percent through
great  in-store  customer  service  and  direct  visits  to  healthcare  professionals  in  area  and  speaking  at  local
schools and events

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science
Arnold and Marie Schwartz College of Pharmacy - Brooklyn, NY

Bachelor of Science in Biology
Upsala College - East Orange, NJ

