Grace Choi

Ambulatory Pharmacist - Kaiser Permanente

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Grace-Choi/b5f070fcb561d1bd

WORK EXPERIENCE

Ambulatory Pharmacist
Kaiser Permanente  -  Halethorpe, MD - March 2013 to Present

Recognized by pharmacy manager and assistant manager as being hard working, organized and meticulous
pharmacist, with dedication to giving great customer service to all patients.
• Initiated an organized and functional pharmacy layout system in order to facilitate efficiency in pharmacy
work flow and in maintaining cost effective inventory.
•  Involved  in  decision  making  processes  pertaining  to  pharmacy  procurement  activity,  physically  walking
through the pharmacy inventory to order all pharmacy items that have reached below minimum par levels and
placing the order through OneLink® system.
• Performed investigative and randomized controlled clinic medications audits in Pyxis MedStation® on monthly
basis to consolidate current physical count to amount indicated as used in patients' medical records.
• Collaborated and routinely communicated with medical doctors, nurses, and other healthcare providers of
Kaiser Permanente in order to optimize patient outcome, suggesting most cost effective alternatives, providing
dosing guidelines, pharmacokinetics, and side effects of both outpatient and clinic medications, as well as
questions concerning medication supplies.
• Proficient in the use of Pyxis MedStation® system and Innovation PharmASSIST ROBOTx® automation
system.
• Experienced in making various compounded medications, including non-sterile clinic medications.

Staff Pharmacist
CVS Caremark  -  Beltsville, MD - July 2007 to March 2013

July 2012 - March 2013
•  Recognized  by  pharmacy  manager,  supervisor  and  district  manager  for  excellence  in  making  a  distinct
improvement from 89% to 98% in key performance measures within the span of 2 months, with exceptional
improvement in wait time at Millersville CVS, a store with a volume of ~2,400 prescriptions per week.
• Increased script volume by ~23% from ~1,100 to ~1,350 prescriptions per week, as well as customer retention
and loyalty within 1 year, as reflected by store performance and customer feedbacks at Catonsville CVS.
• Received distinctive recognition for maintaining an "Excellent Store" status for 10 months rolling at Catonsville
CVS.
•  Efficiently  reviewed  prescriptions  received  from  doctors  and  made  recommendations  for  alternative  cost
saving generics, as well as advising dosing recommendations. Accountable for final verification and provided
patient consultation on all new prescriptions.

Overnight Pharmacist
CVS Caremark - February 2011 to July 2012

Demonstrated  high  productivity  and  efficiency  through  filling  over  approximately  30%  of  script  volume
averaging from ~4,600 to ~5,000 prescriptions per week in a 24 hour store, as a one-person job.
• Experienced in various compounding skills and techniques through extensive exposures on site, making on
average of 2-3 compounds per shift.
• Collaborated with manager and supervisor to initiate alphabetizing the pharmacy for optimal work-flow and
efficiency, as well as optimizing best pharmacy procurement practices in cost effective manner.

• Proficient in handling and maintenance of ScriptPro® machine automation system.

Staff Pharmacist
Walgreens  -  Woodlawn, MD - June 2005 to July 2006

Increased  script  volume  by  ~21%  from  ~1,100  to  ~1,400  within  span  of  1  year  through  commitment  to
maintaining highest levels of customer satisfaction.
•  Processed  prescriptions  rapidly,  as  well  as  providing  customers  and  patients  with  information  regarding
prescriptions and OTC medications.
• Supervised and trained technicians and pharmacy interns.

EDUCATION

Doctor of Pharmacy
University of Maryland School of Pharmacy - Baltimore, MD
May 2005

Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
University of Maryland Baltimore County - Baltimore, MD
May 2001

CERTIFICATIONS

Pennsylvania Pharmacist License
October 2013 to September 2014
Pennsylvania State Board of Pharmacy

Maryland Pharmacist License
September 2012 to September 2014
Maryland Board of Pharmacy

Pharmacist Immunizer
September 2012 to September 2014
Maryland Board of Pharmacy

CPR Certification
January 2013 to January 2015
American Academy of CPR & First Aid, Inc.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

QUALIFICATIONS
•  Over  six  years  of  retail  experience  as  both  staff  and  overnight  pharmacist,  as  well  as  experience  as  an
ambulatory pharmacist in a managed care organization.
• Highly knowledgeable and expert in providing drug information and pharmacy related questions to other
health care professionals, as well as customers.
• Exceptional time management and multi-tasking skills, used to not only meet deadlines but to exceed the
expected goal in the areas of pharmaceutical sales, service to customers, and pharmacy team assignments.
• Optimize and maintain cost effective pharmacy inventory in both retail and managed care setting.
• Proven record of success in team environments and individual assignments.
• Expert in dealing with diverse populations, demonstrating active listening and excellent communication skills.

