Inna Shneider

Staff Pharmacist - CAREER NARRATIVE

- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Inna-Shneider/099307009eb17d37

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
CAREER NARRATIVE  -  Lawrenceville, NJ - 2012 to Present

Optimize  therapeutic  treatment  guidelines  ensuring  appropriate  care  as  liaison  with  diverse  health  care
professionals.
* Educate patients on use of medications, including dosage, side effects, storage, and administration.
* Maintain detailed documentation of pharmacy transactions and practices compliant with federal and state
mandates.
* Establish and sustain strong relationships with internal staff, colleagues, patients, physicians, and vendors.
* Review of patient profiles for accuracy and completion, including, but not limited to appropriateness of drug,
dose, and route of administration.
* Provision of MTM services to patients, detailed BP/Glucose screenings and immunization administration.
* OTC medication and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) recommendations and counseling as well Diabetic
meter counseling and disease management.

CAREER NARRATIVE - November 2008 to Present

in MA, CA, and NJ throughout tenure. Serve as preceptor for CVS students.

Staff RPh
CAREER NARRATIVE  -  Glendale, CA - June 2011 to August 2011

Counseled patients on appropriate use of various medications, including dosage, side effects, and composition.

Floater RPh, Porter
CAREER NARRATIVE  -  Ranch, CA, US - February 2011 to August 2011

Marlboro, MA; 06/2009 - 08/2010
Charged with managing entire pharmacy operations comprised of inventory, staff leadership, and security.
* Provided exceptional customer service and ensured adherence to HIPAA compliance.
* Efficiently managed inventory, including removal of outdated, damaged, and expired products.
* Maintained compliance with all security and loss prevention procedures, and adjudicated claims.

Staff RPh
CAREER NARRATIVE  -  Studio City, CA - 2011 to 2011

Scope  of  responsibilities  included  patient  profile  review,  medication  delivery,  consultations  with  patients,
healthcare personnel, and insurance providers.
*  Conducted  comprehensive  patient  profile  reviews  for  drug/drug  interactions,  accuracy  of  dosages,
administration, allergy information, and managed medication delivery.
INNA SHNEIDER 917-343-3053

CAREER NARRATIVE  -  Peabody, MA - November 2008 to June 2009

Pharmacist in Charge (PIC)
OSCO DRUG  -  Lynn, MA - August 2007 to November 2008

Responsible  for  patient  interaction/customer  service,  inventory  control,  order  entry,  production,  POS
procedures, and ensuring adherence to state, employer, and HIPAA regulations.
*  Directed  staff  accountable  for  patient  care,  data  entry,  and  administration  of  medication  orders  entailing
mixing, production, and packaging/labeling.
* Efficiently managed day-to-day pharmacy operations and medication delivery services.
* Conducted annual staff reviews and managed medication delivery to patients.

Pharmacy Intern
LAHEY CLINIC  -  Peabody, MA - November 2006 to May 2007

Gained valuable experience surrounding drug information evaluation and resources optimized by healthcare
professions to identify and execute cost efficiency methodologies for patient-oriented therapy management.
* Worked in sterile environment, prepared IVs, and learned USP 797 compounding guidelines.
* Identified and optimized organizational quality improvement functions specific to patient care.
* Prepared code carts and unit doses, controlled substance inventory, Chemotherapy preparation, IVs, and
TPNs.

Pharmacy Technician
UNION HOSPITAL  -  Lynn, MA - 2001 to 2002

Assisted pharmacist with all levels of mediation preparation, including order entry, production, and, medication
delivery.

Other experience includes Sales Representative at General Nutrition Center.

EDUCATION

MA in PHARMACY and HEALTH SCIENCE
COLLEGE of PHAR CY and HEALTH SCIENCE - Boston, MA

SKILLS

pharmacist; computer literate; multitasker;organized;proficient; enthusiastic;detail oriented

CERTIFICATIONS

Delivering Medication Therapy Management Cervices
May 2014 to Present

Immunization Certificate
December 2007 to Present

Patient Centered Diabetes Certificate
May 2014 to Present

CPR
April 2013 to Present

Consultant Pharmacist
June 2014 to June 2016

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Licensed in MA, CA, NJ, PA

