James Josiah

Contracting Pharmacist - Goodwill Community Pharmacy

Sharon Hill, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/James-Josiah/ec5c37db3b9f0143

A registered Pharmacist currently licensed in Maryland, Pennsylvania, and North Carolina; possess broad
hands-on  experience  in  clinical  and  community  pharmacy  practice,  with  four-plus  year  experience  as
a  community  pharmacy  manager;  skilled  at  coordinating  daily  clinical  and  administrative  functions  in
the  pharmacy:  this  includes  assessing,  verifying  and  processing  prescriptions  and  medication  orders,
dispensing, compounding, patient counseling and supervising pharmacists and pharmacy technicians; skilled
in coordinating with physicians, clinicians and third parties to ensure high level of patients service and care;
possess in-depth knowledge of public health with concentration in Epidemiology; very articulate, dependable
and professional, with multi-tasking ability.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Contracting Pharmacist
Goodwill Community Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2015 to Present

19144
Part -time, with varying dates and weekend schedules: 20 - 30 hours per week

* Examine and update patient profile; recorded changes in disease states, new medications, allergies, adverse
drug reactions and problems that may affect compliance. Determine any changes and communicate concerns
to physicians to clarify or correct prescriptions.

* Coordinate and maintain communication with physicians in order to articulate medication issues and updates
in timely and efficient manner. Review and ensure completeness of third party forms, input data and accurately
fill prescriptions. Provide patient counseling and supervise technicians.

Pharmacy Manager
- June 2011 to July 2015

Contracting Pharmacist
Alpine Group LLC  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2010 to June 2011

Pennsylvania 19141
Part - time, varying dates and weekend schedules: 25 - 35 hours per week

*  Examined  and  updated  patient  profile;  recorded  changes  in  disease  states,  new  medications,  allergies,
adverse drug reactions and problems that may affect compliance. Determined any changes and communicated
concerns to physicians to clarify or correct prescriptions.

* Coordinated and maintained communication with physicians in order to articulate medication issues and
updates  in  timely  and  efficient  manner.  Reviewed  and  ensured  completeness  of  third  party  forms,  input
data and accurately fill prescriptions. Monitored availability of medicines and routinely ordered medications.
Provided patient counseling and supervised technicians.

Night Pharmacist
CVS Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - October 2008 to November 2009

19125
Full - Time Schedules, working seven days on and seven days off, with the average of 42 hours weekly

* Collaboratively worked in conjunction with a team consisting of 5 pharmacists, 13 pharmacy technicians and
sometimes interns. Conducted thorough review on prescriptions for completeness, correctness, authenticity,
legality  and  third  party  reimbursement  eligibility.  Determined  and  coordinated  any  inaccurate  details  and
escalated issues for timely resolution or correction.

*  Examined  and  updated  patient  profile;  recorded  changes  in  disease  states,  new  medications,  allergies,
adverse drug reactions and problems that may affect compliance. Determined any changes and communicated
concerns to physicians to clarify or correct prescriptions.

* Handled all evening consultations and provided all necessary information and counseling to patients. Clearly
explained  details  associated  in  prescribed  medicines  and  recommended  OTC  products  based  on  patient
disease state.
* Performed all daily compounding as a function reserved for night pharmacists

Pharmacy Intern
Temple University Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2008 to December 2008

3407 North Broad Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19140
Non-fee Internship, working the average of 40 hours; August to December 2008

* Observed patient care; analyzed safety and effectiveness of patients' medication and suggested alternative
therapeutic strategies to physicians/residents to correct or prevent drug-related problems -- if any. Established
sound working relationships with preceptors, residents and interns. Assisted in conducting medical rounds as
well as in providing patient care/educations.

* Encouraged patients' cooperation and enhanced patients' compliance by articulated counseling processes
to minimize side effects. Established trust and rapport while educating patients about the effect of medications
on their disease states and emphasizing adherence to their medication regiment.

*  Participated  in  the  preparation  of  parenteral  nutritional  solutions;  provide  drug  information  to  patients,
physicians and nurses using online resources and other useful reference books; Developed and delivered in-
service presentations to preceptors and fellow students.

General Clerk (contractor from ZAI)
Center for Drug Evaluation and Research  -  College Park, MD - January 2001 to 2003

20740
Full-time schedule: 40 hours per week

* Performed public health duties at the Food and Drug Administration (FDA): Supported project officers and
consumers' safety officers in processing documents on New Drug Application (NDA) and Investigational New
Drug (IND) at CDER; Addressing consumers' complaints on food and cosmetic products submitted to CFSAN
via Med-watch.

* Prepared and ensured timely completion of reports on adverse food reactions and delivered pharmaceutical
submissions to reviewers. Also performed clerical functions as was assigned.

Alpine Group LLC  -  Philadelphia, PA - 2001 to 2001

19140
Full- time Schedule, with 40 - 50 hours per week

* Checked and medications in an effort to maintain the ensured quality and accuracy of all prescribed integrity
in delivering optimum health and quality service to patients. Developed, analyzed and maintained updated
patient profiles with details containing information of disease-state, new medications, allergic/drug reactions
and problems that may affect compliance.

* Coordinated and maintained communication with physicians in an effort to articulate medication issues and
update in timely and efficient manner. Verified and corrected prescriptions and provided counseling to patients
on proper usage and other details related to the prescriptions.

* Reviewed and ensured completeness of third party forms to enhance accurate reimbursements.
* Monitored availability of medicines and routinely ordered medications.
* Conducted bi-weekly inventory on all narcotics (C-II) and other controlled drugs.
* Supervised pharmacists, pharmacy technicians and delivery drivers
* Conducted monthly promotional meetings with physician offices and senior citizens' homes in the community.
* Assisted in recruiting pharmacists, and pharmacy technicians, and provided orientations/trainings to newly
hired personnel.
* Attended the periodic, strategy pharmacy managers' meetings of Alpine Group (Umbrella Company) to review
progress and advance new strategies that enhance high performance and productivity
* Provided weekly schedules for all pharmacy staff.

EDUCATION

Doctor of Pharmacy
Temple University School of Pharmacy - Philadelphia, PA
May 2008

Master in Public Health
The George Washington University, School of Health and Health Services - Washington, DC
May 2000

