Jane Toth

Pharmacist - MindLance Inc

Hamilton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jane-Toth/fc80f8a71a456c9a

I am an amicable, loyal, and dedicated person who has the resolve to succeed in any environment.
Although I have extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry, I love to learn and I am up to
any challenge. I can work effectively on my own however being a team player is a great way to work.
I am seeking a position where I can develop and excel while giving my best to an employer.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist
MindLance Inc - March 2015 to Present

I am a contractor pharmacist at Express Scripts Inc. in Florence, NJ. I review and interpret
prescription information as entered and I verify products in completed orders to ensure all prescriptions
are accurate and complete.

Pharmacist
Rph on the Go - August 2012 to Present

I am on call to cover shifts at various pharmacies that use this company to supply temporary
pharmacist coverage.

Sales Associate
JCPenney  -  Lawrenceville, NJ - December 2010 to Present

I greet guests and assist them with their shopping. I operate the cash register. I maintain merchandise
displays and help set them up.

Pharmacy Manager and Staff Pharmacist
Rite Aid previously Eckerd  -  Trenton, NJ - January 2001 to September 2010

I was responsible for inventory and schedule management. I supervised technicians and all aspects of the
pharmacy department. I filled, verified, and compounded prescriptions. I gave immunizations. I
communicated with other health care providers to give patients best possible care.

Pharmacy Manager and Staff Pharmacist
Rite Aid  -  Hamilton, NJ - July 1985 to January 2001

I was responsible for inventory and schedule management. I supervised technicians and all aspects of the
pharmacy department. I filled, verified, and compounded prescriptions. I communicated with other
health care providers to give patient best possible care.

Pharmacy Intern
St Mary's Hospital  -  Troy, NY - May 1983 to July 1985

I assisted the pharmacist. I made sterile IV bags. I filled and compounded prescriptions. I checked crash
carts and units for proper stock and expired drugs.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science
Albany College of Pharmacy - Albany, NY
September 1980 to May 1985

