Joseph Bley

Staff Pharmacist - CVS Pharmacy

Levittown, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joseph-Bley/b13a9dd33afe23d1

To obtain a position as a Registered Pharmacist with a devotion to patient health. It is my goal for patients to
take their medications correctly and faithfully. Optimizing benefits and health care options to the customer.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Pharmacist
CVS Pharmacy  -  Bucks, PA, US - May 2006 to Present

Entered new patient profiles and prescriptions into medication input software system. Communicated directly
with doctors' offices via telephone, fax and email. Provided friendly customer service at prescription drop-
off  and  pick-up  counters.  Worked  closely  with  pharmacists  and  used  medication  input  software  to  safely
and  accurately  dispense  medication.  Efficiently  answered  multi-line  phone  and  processed  high  volume  of
order requests from nurses and doctors. Accurately recorded compounded products and prepared appropriate
labels.  Maintained  proper  compliance  logs,  including  for  refrigerator  temperatures  for  immunizations.
Maintained  drug  inventory  levels  by  ordering  necessary  medications  and  supplies  and  verifying  deliveries
against purchase orders. Verified patient data and billing information. Verified accuracy and completeness
of information on prescription and refill requests. Maintained proper storage and security conditions for all
drugs. Strictly maintained customer and patient confidentiality. Communicated with all customers and staff in
a pleasant and professional manner. Provided critical information and advice to customers regarding possible
drug  interactions,  side  effects,  dosage  and  proper  medication  storage.  Maintained  updated  records  such
as pharmacy files, patient profiles, charge system files, inventories and poison or controlled drug registries.
Collaborated  closely  with  healthcare  professionals  to  monitor  and  assess  the  quality  and  effectiveness  of
drugs or drug regimens. Consistently upheld proper pharmacy and general safety procedures and standards.
Maintained  proper  inventory  levels,  rotated  stock  and  immediately  complied  with  prescription  drug  recalls.
Safely  administered  immunizations,  travel  medicine,  medication  therapy  management  and  other  specialty
programs. Maintained proper pharmacy and general safety procedures and standards, including department
cleanliness. Followed state and federal record keeping guidelines for legend drugs and controlled substances.
Appropriately  resolved  customer  issues,  complaints  and  questions.  Proficiently  processed  and  dispensed
written, oral and electronic prescriptions. Conducted drug utilization reviews, drug interventions and therapy
management. Administered influenza, pneumonia, and Zostavax vaccinations.

Intern to Floater Pharmacist
Delaware Valley Medical Center  -  Langhorne, PA - 1998 to 2008

Entered new patient profiles and prescriptions into medication input software system. Communicated directly
with doctors' offices via telephone and fax. Dispensed and delivered patient medications to patients throughout
the hospital. Worked closely with pharmacists and used medication input software to safely and accurately
dispense medication .Efficiently answered multi-line phone and processed high volume of order requests from
nurses, doctors and pharmacists. Answered and screened phone calls for the staff pharmacist in a friendly,
efficient manner. Accurately pulled medications from the shelves for Pyxis replenishment and delivered them
to the various patient care areas. Maintained proper compliance logs, including for refrigerator temperatures
and IV hood maintenance. Filled departmental requisitions and crash cart medication trays .Verified patient
data  and  billing  information.  Strictly  maintained  customer  and  patient  confidentiality.  Maintained  updated
records  such  as  pharmacy  files,  patient  profiles,  charge  system  files,  inventories  and  poison  or  controlled
drug registries. Calculated, weighed, measured and mixed ingredients with expert precision. Interpreted and

evaluated the validity and safety of medication orders and prescriptions .Oversaw the pharmacy technicians'
drug  preparation  and  distribution  activities  to  provide  safe,  efficient  care  for  patients.  Maintained  proper
inventory  levels,  rotated  stock  and  immediately  complied  with  prescription  drug  recalls.  Conducted  drug
utilization reviews, drug interventions and therapy management.

Staff Pharmacist/Manager
Thrift Drug  -  Bucks, PA, US - October 1992 to March 2006

Entered new patient profiles and prescriptions into medication input software system. Communicated directly
with doctors' offices via telephone, fax and email. Provided friendly customer service at prescription drop-
off and pick-up counters. Efficiently answered multi-line phone and processed high volume of order requests
from  nurses  and  doctors.  Strictly  maintained  customer  and  patient  confidentiality.  Advised  customers  on
the selection of medication brands, medical equipment or healthcare supplies. Consistently upheld proper
pharmacy and general safety procedures and standards. Maintained proper inventory levels, rotated stock and
immediately complied with prescription drug recalls. Conducted drug utilization reviews, drug interventions and
therapy management. Followed state and federal record keeping guidelines for legend drugs and controlled
substances.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Humanities
Philadelphia College of Pharmacy and Science - Philadelphia, PA

