Kevin Lam

Pharmacist - Rite-Aid Pharmacy

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kevin-Lam/7ca0332f4480b61f

To  obtain  a  position  as  a  Pharmacist  with  a  well  established  organization  that  will  offer  opportunities  for
professional development and exposure to a diverse client population.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist
Rite-Aid Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - June 2013 to Present

Directs and coordinates all activities in the pharmacy during designated shift including purchasing, receiving,
storing, and dispensing of medications; supervises inventory control to meet all facility and patients' needs.
• Ensures prescription directions for use, dose, medication interactions, therapeutic duplications or overlaps,
allergy information, age specific dosage, and other pertinent data are appropriate for individual patients.
• Effectively process medication orders by using computerized order entry and extraction of pertinent drug
data from prescription orders and/or through patient interview.
• Compliance with federal and state regulations, professional guidelines and code of ethics for the profession
of pharmacy, and provision of pharmacy services.
• Counsel and educate patients regarding appropriate use of medications.
•  Collaborates  with  internal  staff  to  provide  staff  support,  including  assistance  with  problem  solving  and
recommendations for clients serviced.

Pharmacy Technician
Tang's Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2008 to June 2013

Assisted Pharmacist in the overall dispensing and distribution functions.
• Performed computer entry of prescription information including but not limited to: patient search, prescriber
search, drug selection, prescription interpretation & entry, insurance billing and basic problem resolution.
•  Reviewed  prescription  information  required  to  process  new  and  refill  prescriptions,  including  refill
authorization  from  doctor  offices  where  permitted  by  law  and  regulations,  under  the  supervision  of  a
Pharmacist.
• Processed medication exchanges, pick-ups and deliveries.
•  Generated  and  applied  prescription  labels  to  mediation  containers  where  permitted  by  state  law  and
regulations.
•  Participated  in  inventory  management  processes  including:  order  review,  inventory  returns,  restocking
shelves, and physical inventory preparation.
• Completed various technical and non-technical duties related to the acquisition, storage and dispensing of
medications.

Advanced Pharmacy Practice Rotations  -  Horsham, PA - April 2013 to May 2013

Retail Pharmacy Management

Rite Aid Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - February 2013 to April 2013

Advanced Community

Temple University Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2013 to February 2013

Ambulatory Care

Reading Hospital and Medical Center  -  Reading, PA - November 2012 to December 2012

Inpatient & Acute Medicine

Millcreek Community Hospital  -  Erie, PA - September 2012 to November 2012

Advanced Institutional

CVS Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - August 2012 to September 2012

Advanced Community

Introductory Pharmacy Practice Rotations
Target Pharmacy, Abington, PA June- July 2011
Introductory Community

Saint Vincent Health Center  -  Erie, PA - May 2011 to June 2011

Introductory Institutional

EDUCATION

Doctorate of Pharmacy
Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine
June 2013

