Lee Hockfield

Supervising Pharmacist - Greater Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company

Warrington, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Lee-Hockfield/f521cfe0a86e777b

Licensed Pharmacist in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware, with more than
29 years experience in providing superior pharmacy services in retail
setting. Compounded medications according to professional standards and
practices. Licensed immunizer in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. Highly
developed problem solving skills and excellent computer skills.
Thorough knowledge of compound drug distribution systems, drug utilization
evaluation, emerging medications, inventory management and regulations
governing pharmacy services. Seen as an effective liaison between healthcare
team and the community to improve drug usage and therapeutic outcomes.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Supervising Pharmacist
Greater Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company - March 1993 to Present

Managed staff of 7 including 2 other pharmacists at fulfilling more than 1000
prescriptions  weekly.  Consulted  with  physicians  and  patients  with  regard  to  medication  dosage,  drug
interactions, disease management and potential side
effects of prescription and OTC medications. Maintained proper immunization
protocols.

Coordinated the activities of pharmacists and technicians in the preparation,
labeling and delivery of medications in accordance with physician prescriptions, to ensure compliance with
federal, state and local laws and regulations.

Maintained proper inventory levels and minimized out of stock items. Resolved
problems with insurance providers concerning billing/reimbursement issues.
Improved morale of coworkers leading by example and using humor to diffuse
stressful situations.

Supervising Pharmacist
Gene Pharmacy  -  Abington, PA - October 1991 to March 1993

Staff Pharmacist
Yardley Pharmacy  -  Yardley, PA - July 1988 to October 1991

Staff Pharmacist
Drug Emporium Pharmacy  -  Langhorne, PA - May 1987 to July 1988

Staff Pharmacist
CVS Pharmacy - June 1986 to May 1987

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science

Temple University School of Pharmacy
May 1986

