Michele Shubin

Pharmacist Communicator - Ashfield Healthcare, LLC. Inc

- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michele-Shubin/dc0f3a7eef183cc7

Registered Pharmacist with over twenty years of pharmacy employment. Very strong counseling, problem
solving,  and  communication  skills  have  been  a  positive  asset  through  several  years  of  Long  term  care,
Pharmacy call center, Mail order, and Retail pharmacy experience.

Professional
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist Communicator
Ashfield Healthcare, LLC. Inc  -  Warminster, PA - May 2015 to Present

* Provide drug/medical device information to patients and their caregivers
* Identify adverse events and product quality complaints as outlined by client guidelines
*  Collect  information  required  by  individual  programs  and  capture  it  in  specific  program  Patient  Support
Programs databases. Experienced in IRMS.
* Converse with patients in an empathetic manner to ask appropriate questions; probing to find the core of the
issue while assisting the caller to understanding medical terminology.

Staff Pharmacist
SQA Pharmacy Services, Inc  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2006 to November 2014

* Counsel clients and nurses in LTC (long term care) settings about proper medication usage and side effects.
* Discuss Medication Administration Records with nurses and medication coordinators at LTC facilities. Paying
strong attention to HOAs and facility protocols.
* Verify unit dose packaged prescription cards for accuracy, and completeness.
* Work 340B side of store.
* Always maintain professionalism while transcribing, verifying for accuracy and interactions, dispensing, and
counseling patients for efficacy.

Staff Pharmacist
Glen Center Pharmacy  -  Maple Glen, PA - October 2002 to February 2009

Call Center Pharmacist
Kaiser Permanente Call Center  -  Livermore, CA - May 1998 to December 2001

* Received calls from all over Northern California from patients, nurses, and physicians; answered questions
on dosages, drug information, and all matters relating to the local pharmacies that we assisted. Watching
phone ques so as to keep percentage of calls on hold low, and number of answered calls high.
*  Legibly  transcribed  prescriptions  according  to  physicians'  orders;  reviewing  dosages  for  interactions  and
veracity.
* Scanned and entered prescriptions into computer; using advanced technology, and skills acquired on the job.
*  Verified  transcribed  prescriptions  against  information  entered  on  computer;  ensuring  accuracy  and
completeness, as well as checking once again for interactions.

Staff Pharmacist
Glen Center Pharmacy  -  Maple Glen, PA - August 1993 to December 1997

EDUCATION

Temple University School of Pharmacy - Philadelphia, PA
September 1990 to May 1993

CERTIFICATIONS

Pharmacist
September 2016

