Niju Varughese

STAFF PHARMACIST

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Niju-Varughese/83566212ec7a6326

Accomplished  Licensed  Pharmacist  in  Pennsylvania,  New  Jersey,  and  Texas  with  PharmD  degree  and
strong experience providing top-quality pharmacy services. Excellent interpersonal skills establishing positive
relationships  with  customers,  pharmaceutical  manufacturers  and  representatives,  medical  professionals,
healthcare  organizations,  insurance  providers  and  company  staff.  Proficient  in  mentoring  and  managing
diverse teams to provide quality care and accurate medication dispensing.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Clinical Pharmacist
Amerihealth Mercy  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2012 to Present

Responsible for reviewing Prior Authorization cases and rendering coverage determinations based on clinical
criteria and plan design. 
• Handles calls and correspondence from providers and respond to inquiries, complaints and reconsiderations.
•  Reviews  members’  medication  profiles  and  makes  recommendations  to  health  care  providers  based  on
evidence based medicine and national guidelines.

STAFF PHARMACIST
MEDCO  -  Willingboro, NJ - January 2008 to July 2012

Ensured pharmacy prior authorization and managed care were consistent with covered benefits, quality of
care and medical necessity.
• Assessed drug therapy in relation to patient’s current drug therapy, known allergies and age appropriateness.
• Reviewed prescriptions for completeness, appropriate indication dosing and duration of therapy.
• Contacted prescribers for change in therapy or verification of therapy.

Staff Pharmacist/ Pharmacy Manager
Target  -  Plymouth Meeting, PA - March 2007 to January 2008

Responsible for pharmacy productivity and profitability.
• Coached and trained team members to achieve service and sales goals.
•  Counseled  patients  on  prescription  and  over-the-counter  medications  and  provided  guidance  regarding
related questions.
• Established productive working relationships with other store areas.

Staff Pharmacist
COSTCO  -  Township of Brick, NJ - July 2003 to March 2007

Supervised pharmacy technicians and reviewed the prescription data entry and order-filling accuracy.
• Consulted and advised patients on prescriptions and over-the-counter medications and provided guidance
improving quality of life.
• Interpreted physicians’ prescriptions and consulted with them regarding drug-to-drug interactions and adverse
events

EDUCATION

Doctor  of  Pharmacy  in  ACTIVE  LICENSES  〓Pennsylvania  Pharmacist  License  No.
RP441461  valid  till  September  2014  〓New  Jersey  Pharmacist  License  No.  RI028912
valid till April 2013 Authorization to Adminster Injectables PA RP1006287 valid 9/2014
RUTGERS UNIVERSITY - Ernesto Mario School of Pharmacy

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL TRAINING

Proficient in PDX, ARGUS, CONDOR, RUMBA, PERFORM PA, SYMPHONY, ESD, WEBTOOL

