Rachael Salahub, PharmD

Pharmacist

Philadelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/0286a58d826f3948

WORK EXPERIENCE

Inpatient Pharmacist
Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center  -  Hershey, PA - November 2012 to Present

Responsibilities
551-bed tertiary care, acute care teaching medical center, and Level 1 trauma center health care facility

Member  of  the  pharmacy  team  working  in  central,  surgical,  and  decentralized  pharmacies  throughout  the
medical center. Interpret, evaluate, and process physician entry orders with attention to drug interactions and
allergies. Supervise technician activities to prepare compounding and dispensing of medications for adult,
pediatric, and neonatal patients accurately and in a timely manner. Support essential healthcare professionals
by providing medication information and consult with prescribers to optimize cost-effective drug treatments.
Advise  physicians  on  therapeutic  interchanges  and  formulary  adjustments  to  meet  changing  inventories
and  patient  needs.  Attend  continuing  education  sessions  and  topic  discussions  with  pharmacy  students,
residents, staff, and clinical pharmacists. As part of decentralized role, monitor patients on vancomycin and
aminoglycosides and provide recommendations to the medical team. Also evaluate patients on warfarin to
ensure the maintenance of therapeutic INR levels. Perform discharge counseling.
•  Member  of  Drug  Shortage  Committee  that  evaluates  inventory  stock  and  manufacturer  shortages  and
develops solutions to optimize the use of limited inventories.
• Developed strategy for easing patient pill burden and worked on team that introduced dosage changes for
oxycodone, resulting in 50% pill burden reduction.
• Participated in the coordination of investigational drug study protocols.
• Supported the care of pediatric and adult patients with acute/exceptional conditions requiring off label uses,
transplant drug regimens, and other unusual cases.

Office Staff Position
Dr. Salahub, DPM  -  Lebanon, PA - January 2009 to Present

Work  in  solo-practitioner's  podiatry  office  as  a  receptionist.  Duties  include  answering  telephone,  greeting
patients, scheduling appointments, calling in prescriptions to pharmacies, filing patient charts. Enter patient
demographics, medical history and medication lists into electronic health records software.

Pharmacy Intern
Good Samaritan Health System  -  Lebanon, PA - July 2005 to August 2008

Experience in accurately filling and labeling inpatient prescriptions with drug name, strength, and appropriate
drug  route  of  administration.  Prepared  IV  and  Total  Parenteral  Nutrition  bags.  Shadowed  chemotherapy
preparations. Assisted in daily medication inventory. Efficiently and correctly restocked daily delivery orders
to various pharmacy locations. Responded to hospital telephone calls, relayed messages and verified IV drug
compatibility inquiries for nursing staff. Restocked and delivered crash carts in a timely manner. Manually
repackaged bulk drugs into unit doses.

Pharmacy Clerk
CVS Pharmacy   -  Lebanon, PA - June 2004 to August 2004

Answered  retail  pharmacy  telephone.  Recorded  pharmacy  orders,  operated  register.  Performed  customer
service duties.

EDUCATION

PharmD in Doctor of Pharmacy
University of the Sciences in Philadelphia/Philadelphia College of Pharmacy - Philadelphia, PA
2003 to 2011

SKILLS

USP-797, American Red Cross:Basic Life Support (AED/CPR Adult,Child,Infant), Immunization, Microsoft
Word, Microsoft Excel, Powerpoint

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Pharmacy Board Certified
Pennsylvania Licensure #RP 447126
American Red Cross: Basic Life Support (CPR/ AED Adult/Child/Infant)
PA Immunization Certification 

Volunteer:
Lebanon Free Clinic, Lebanon 17042
DEA Drug Take Back Program (April 30, 2011)
at Sayre Health Center, Philadelphia, 19143

Affiliations:
American Society of Health-Systems Pharmacist (2008-present)
Pennsylvania Pharmacist Association (2011-present)

