Richard Staniec

Staff pharmacist - Wakefern

Delran, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Richard-Staniec/0802011f662329b3

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff pharmacist
Wakefern  -  Mount Laurel, NJ - March 2009 to Present

Duties include general staffing at a retail setting including data entry, medication verification, vaccinations,
staff management and stock procurement.

Production Manager
CIGNA Tel-Drug  -  Horsham, PA - September 2006 to March 2009

Duties included hiring and firing, inventory control, budget forecasting, facility maintenance and enhancements,
and production forecasting. I was involved in several projects, most recently:
• Represented Cigna mail order division at corporate events and meetings
• Oversaw the procurement areas, mail room, data entry and outbound calls. Duties included weekly coaching
sessions, semi-annual reviews and yearly performance evaluations for each individual.
• Established a new fulfillment process utilizing the Six Sigma principles. This processed balanced workload
as well as increased efficiency and decreased the cost-to-fill.
•  Organized  company  sponsored  events;  holiday  dinners,  summer  barbecues,  special  events  as  well  as
company sponsored fund raisers; March-of-Dimes, Breast Cancer Walks, United Way.
• Headed several committees:
o Redesign of the Rx label and patient order forms
o Development of benchmarks for each assigned duty
o Automate receipt of customer payments

Verification Supervisor
CIGNA Tel-Drug  -  Horsham, PA - October 2004 to September 2006

Pharmacy Team Manager
CVS-Burlington - May 1985 to September 2004

243
I worked as the pharmacy Team Manager for CVS Pharmacy. I am responsible for the daily operations of
this store. These duties include inventory control, hiring, staff scheduling, supervising and training a staff of
pharmacists, pharmacy interns and technicians, as well as keeping the store operating according to all state
and federal laws.

My previous assignment was the pharmacy Team Manager for CVS Pharmacy in Bensalem PA. I have also
been the Training Pharmacist for new employees hired for the Philadelphia area, the Resource Pharmacist
responsible for all computer and policy related questions for the Philadelphia stores and the Scheduler for
technician and intern vacation time.

Staff Pharmacist
Sterile Products - June 1979 to May 1985

at Frankford Hospital, Torresdale Campus

My duties at Frankford Hospital were the planing, initiation and development of the Sterile Products Additive
Program.

Staff Pharmacist
Staff Pharmacist at Albert Einstein Medical Center - May 1978 to June 1979

My areas of responsibility included general staffing of the pharmacy. Some of the specialty areas included
sterile products and intensive care.

EDUCATION

B.Sc. in Pharmacy
Temple University
1978

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

:
Currently licensed in the states of Pennsylvania and New Jersey to practice pharmacy.
Certified to administer injections in New Jersey (12/09)
Certified at the Green Belt level in Six Sigma (7/08)
Completed a certificate program in Asthma Counciling from Schering Laboratory (11/98)
Completed a certificate program in Primary Diabetes Education from Temple University (3/95)

