Sandy Kosmaczewski

Pharmacist in Charge - Shoprite Pharmacy

Woodstown, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sandy-Kosmaczewski/13e450fe19dc44b3

To maximize my pharmacy skills and knowledge in regulatory affairs.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Pharmacist in Charge
Shoprite Pharmacy  -  West Deptford, NJ - 2006 to Present

West Deptford, NJ 
Responsibilities:  Collaborate  with  doctors  on  proper  dosages  and  change  medications  based  on  patient
formularies. Counsel patients on drug-drug and drug-food interactions. Advise patients on the importance of
drug compliance and design patient-centric adherence plans. Oversee yearly flu clinics, drug inventory, and
audits. Make sure prescriptions are billed correctly through Medicare and Medicaid Services. Manage a staff
of 7 including pharmacists and technicians. Provide MTM services. Collaborating with a certified dietician to
promote health and wellness amongst patients. Counsel patients on smoking cessation.

Pharmacist
Savon-Pharmacy - 2005 to 2006

Various Locations, NJ Various Locations, NJ Insert Dates
Responsibilities: Filled various prescriptions, took doctors phone calls, and offered clinical support to patients
regarding their medications.

Clinical Rotation
Oncology, Einstein Medical Center  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 2005 to February 2005

Preceptor: Melissa Boyko, Pharm D
Responsibilities: Attended inpatient rounds and grand rounds. Interviewed patients on their antiemitic therapy
for a study protocol. Emphasis based on the chemotherapy regimens and their toxicities.

Captain William Hess, B.S
Office of Medical Informatics, FDA  -  Rockville, MD - November 2004 to December 2004

Rockville, MD Glassboro, NJ Insert Dates
Preceptor: Captain William Hess, B.S.
Responsibilities: Attended meetings on the different areas of drug development. Reviewed Drug Master Files
from different agencies and checked for completeness. Emphasis based on the review process for drugs and
the current nomenclature for drug concepts.

Clinical Rotation
Ambulatory Care, Presbyterian Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 2004 to October 2004

Preceptor: Tanya Dougherty, Pharm D
Responsibilities: Conducted patient interviews on drug regimens and made recommendations to the team.
Emphasis based on counseling patients on their medications, adherence, and therapeutic plans for the future.

Clinical Rotation
Acute Care, Burn Unit, Crozer Chester Medical Center  -  Upland, PA - August 2004 to September 2004

Glassboro, NJ Insert Dates
Preceptor: Bruce Ackerman, Pharm D
Responsibilities: Offered drug information to the medical team. Conducted daily updates on patients and their
progress. Emphasis based on therapeutic drug efficacy, drug monitoring, and drug interactions.

Clincal Rotation
Community Pharmacy, Happy Harry's (Walgreens)  -  Pennsville, NJ - June 2004 to July 2004

Preceptor: Robert Miller, B.S.
Responsibilities: Filled prescriptions through an automated computer system. Counseled and answered patient
questions related to drug therapy.

Clinical Rotation
Cooper Health System  -  Philadelphia, PA - May 2004 to June 2004

Insert Dates
Preceptor: Michael Kessler, Pharm D
Responsibilities: Offered drug information to the medical team on various patients. Attended general practice
grand rounds, presented patient cases and conducted daily updates of patient chart reviews to monitor for
efficacy and drug interactions. Emphasis based on calculations, correct dosing, drug monitoring, and the best
therapeutic assessment and plan.

Pharmacy Internship
AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals  -  Wilmington, DE - 2001 to 2004

Wilmington, DE Insert Dates
Responsibilities:  Participated  in  Regulatory  Affairs  for  Respiratory  and  Gastrointestinal  therapeutic  areas.
Gained knowledge on drug development, contributed to annual reports and a New Drug Application (NDA),
and reviewed Case Report and MedWatch forms. Presented information on respiratory subjects on a weekly
basis to the team. Gained knowledge on formulations and regulations in the pediatric population and became
familiar with electronic submissions.

Pharmacy Intern
Eckerd Pharmacy  -  Glassboro, NJ - 1999 to 2003

Glassboro, NJ Insert Dates
Responsibilities: Filled prescriptions and communicated with health care professionals. Consulted with patients
on the proper use of their medications. Discussed insurance eligibility with various patients.

Clerkship Experience

EDUCATION

Doctorate of Pharmacy
University of the Sciences in Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA
May 2005

CERTIFICATIONS

MTM certificate

Immunization Certification
2016 to 2018

Smoking Cessation
November 2015 to Present

GROUPS

APHA

