Sheelita Gaskins

Registered Pharmacist

Colwyn, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sheelita-Gaskins/23558a0b918f75ca

Seeking employment as a pharmacist with a successful and reputable company.
Willing to relocate to: Pennsylvania - Delaware - Maryland
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

PRN Pharmacist
ATA Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - July 2015 to September 2015

Responsibilities
-Dispense medications to customers accompanied by written, verbal, and electronic physicians' prescriptions.
-Supervised pharmacy technicians and personnel with daily pharmacy operations.
-Interacted with third party insurance companies and their payers.
-Customer serviced and counseled patients about their concerns and/or interest relating to their medications.

Accomplishments
A colleague and I were in the process of implementing a flu clinic in the surrounding area of the facility on
weekends but due to a temporary shutdown of operations we were not able to proceed forward.

Skills Used
-Microsoft Word and Excel
-Best Rx software to process prescriptions
-minor cash register responsibility

Advanced Therapy Pharmacist
Express Scripts through Kelly Services  -  New Castle, DE - November 2013 to May 2015

Responsibilities
Provide  patients  with  their  pumps,  medications  and  ancillary  supplies.  Calibrate  pumps.Provide  oversight
and  quality  assurance  to  pharmacy  technicians.  Interpret  physicians'  or  prescribers'  prescriptions.Verify
prescription information entered into database by data entry and/or order entry technicians. Handle inventory
of  advance  therapy  medications.  Back  up  other  pharmacists  as  needed.  Perform  additional  duties  as
assigned by management. Train less experienced pharmacists. Keep abreast of new developments within the
pharmaceutical industry.

Skills Used
Data Entry, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Atlas, Citrix and Oracle software

Staff Hospital Pharmacist
St.Christopher's Hospital for Children  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 2008 to August 2013

Dispensed pediatric and adolescent medications accompanied by written and electronic physicians' orders
in  an  inpatient  setting.  Prepared  and  checked  IV  admixtures  and  compound  medications,  supervised  and
managed pharmacy technicians in an overnight setting as well as day and evening shifts, worked closely with
other healthcare professionals and offered recommendations to physicians based on pediatric and adolescent
dosing guidelines.

Staff Retail Pharmacist
Rite-Aid Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 1996 to November 2009

Responsibilities
Dispensed medications to customers accompanied by written, verbal and facsimile physicians' prescriptions in
an overnight as well as daytime. Interacted with third party payors and insurance plans, checked medications
handled by pharmacy technicians and counseled patients about their interests and concerns regarding their
medications.

Skills Used
NexGen and RADS trained

Pharmacy Graduate / Intern
Rite-Aid Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - January 1996 to October 1996

Responsibilities
Assisted  the  pharmacist  with  dispensing  medications  to  customers  accompanied  by  written,  verbal  and
facsimile  physicians'  prescriptions.  Interacted  with  third  party  insurance  plans  and  their  payors,  filed
prescriptions,  handled  verbal  prescriptions  called  in  by  physicians  and  counseled  customers  about  their
concerns and interests regarding their medications with the approval of the pharmacist.

Skills Used
RADS software knowledgeable.

Pharmacy Intern/ Technician
Thomas Jefferson University Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - March 1993 to March 1996

Responsibilities
Prepared IV admixtures, pediatric flags and unit-dosed medication carts. Delivered medications to nursing
units,  answered  nursing  and  medical  inquiries  pertaining  to  patients'  medications  with  the  pharmacist's
approval and assisted in an outpatient pharmacy affiliated with the hospital.

Skills Used
worked with the APS (Automatic Pharmacy Station) system.
HBOC knowledgeable.

Volunteer Pharmacy student/ Technician
Thomas Jefferson University Hospital  -  Philadelphia, PA - November 1992 to March 1993

Responsibilities
Filled  prescriptions,  handled  third  party  insurance  plans  and  their  payors,  filed  prescriptions,  answered
telephone calls and delivered medications to patients' hospital rooms.

Pharmacy Student/Technician
Bergman's Pharmacy  -  Philadelphia, PA - September 1992 to February 1993

Responsibilities
Filled  prescriptions,  compounded  medications,  handled  third  party  payors  and  insurance  plans,  filed
prescriptions, customer service and performed some clerical tasks.

EDUCATION

BS in Pharmacy
Philadelphia College of Pharmacy and Science - Philadelphia, PA

1991 to 1996

SKILLS

Atlas And Citrix Software (1 year), RxHome and Oracle software (Less than 1 year), Best Rx Software (Less
than 1 year)

AWARDS

Dean's List
December 1992
Fall 1992, Spring 1993, Fall 1993, Spring 1994, Fall 1994 and Spring 1996.

CERTIFICATIONS

Registered Pharmacist
September 2014 to Present
Pennsylvania : RP042431L
Delaware: A1-0003170

MTM
October 2015 to Present
Medical Therapy Management

GROUPS

APhA Member
September 1993 to December 1996
Member of PREP(Preparation, Retention and Education in Pharmacy) 9/1991 - 5/1996.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

References available upon request

