Tina McNeal-Bacon

certified pharmacy technician I assist the pharmacist - C & M Pharmacy Contracting

Norristown, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tina-McNeal-Bacon/f989b55a8b6d1109

To  secure  a  full-time  professional  position  within  a  pharmaceutical  organization  where  my  pharmacy
experience will be an asset in growth and development in the company.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

certified pharmacy technician I assist the pharmacist
C & M Pharmacy Contracting - February 2016 to Present

with preparation and packaging of IV medications.

Account Representative/Team Lead
Philadelphia Elite Group - March 2015 to February 2016

As an Account Representative I was required to learn and implement sales and direct marketing systems,
maintain consistency with sales, and that I'm able to self manage myself. Once I was able to demonstrate all
the necessary requirements, I qualified for the Team Lead role, in this position, I gained the opportunity to
travel. I was able to gain public and improve on my public speaking. I participated in the interviewing process;
coach, train, and development new employes. I also had office responsibilities; ie: client reporting.

Patient Care Coordinator (CPht)
Acro Pharmaceutical Services - June 2014 to February 2015

As  a  patient  care  coordinator  I  am  responsible  for  the  timely  delivery  of  the  specialty  drug  to  the  patient;
communicating  clearly  and  directly  with  the  patient,  insurance  and/or  physician's'  office  the  status  of  the
prescription, delivery delays, and the return of any damaged shipment or drug that has been recalled. I assist
with patient enrollment in a Prescription Assistance Program (PAP) as needed for financial support or direct
nurse  teaching  regarding  their  medication  and  will  direct  the  patient  to  the  physician's'  office  nurse  if  the
PAP program does not have nurses on staff. Outbound calls and answering any incoming phone queue calls
regarding new and refill of specialty prescriptions are a daily function. I schedule deliveries of refills that are due
for each patient, answer patient and prescriber general questions and refer clinical issues to the pharmacist.
Investigation and resolving shipping that arise. I also rotate as member of the Quality Improvement Committee.

Pharmacy Billing Adjudicator (CPht)
Omnicare Pharmacy - July 2012 to June 2014

As a billing adjudicator I am responsible for preparing and submitting claims for accounts and work with nursing
facility staff, physician offices, and insurance companies to ensure timely manner payment of online submission
of claims. I review and research rejected Third-party claims taking the appropriate action to resolve the claim. I
work backlog of denied claims for timely resubmission to the correct payer. I worked under managed assigned
queues, keeping up-to-date and current on all claims. In my role I ensure the workflow grid is cleared daily to
meet productivity criteria; i.e.: working specific denials including new patient overrides. I follow all applicable
government regulations including HIPAA, displaying behavior which exemplifies the Core Values.

Pharmacy Technician (CPht)
Walgreen's Pharmacy - August 2011 to July 2012

As a national certified pharmacy technician, I assist the pharmacists with inputting prescriptions, billing third-
party claims, filling the prescriptions, and answering patient and health-care professional phone calls. I help
with inventory control and processing medication orders. I help with reconstituting and compound medication.
I also help keep a clean and maintain a clean pharmacy.

Pharmacy Technician
Wal-Mart - May 2010 to August 2011

As  a  pharmacy  technician  I  assisted  the  pharmacists  with  inputting  prescriptions,  answering  phones,
registering patient information, inventory control, billing third-party claims, and pulling recalled medication. I
helped the OTC manager with keeping the sales floor clean and organized for excellent customer service.

Pharmacy Technician
Medco Health Solutions - November 2009 to January 2010

At  Medco  Health  I  was  responsible  for  calculating  and  making  sure  all  medication  were  accounted  for.  I
repackaged bulk medication for dispensing, maintained a sterile work area in the hazardous medication area.

Pharmacy Technician Extern
Keystone Mercy Health Plan - March 2009 to April 2009

As a pharmacy technician extern I learned brand and generic drugs. I learned to organize pharmacy contracts
and making sure all the credentials were on file. I inputted data into the Prior Authorization field, and created
letters for the pharmacists. They taught us different computer programs within the company.

EDUCATION

Certification in Pharmacy Technician
Lincoln Technical Institute
September 2008 to April 2009

Norristown Area High School
September 2003 to June 2007

CERTIFICATIONS

Certified Pharmacy Technician

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills
Microsoft word
Microsoft excel
Microsoft powerpoint

